"Re: The biblical God probably doesn't exist. This is a redux of the previous debate, ""The biblical God probably doesn't exist."" In my opinion a more appropriate thesis for that particular debate would have been ""Physical evidence doesn't support an omniscient, omnibenevolent, omnipoent interpretation of the God of the Bible."" In short, I'm challenging Sketchy to the same debate against me. *This is my first debate on Debate.org, so please forgive if I'm not familiar with how everything works. Since Sketchy is the one that initiated this topic to begin with, I would like him to set the ground rules for what exactly it is that he's hypothesizing. His previous thesis was in my opinion deeply flawed and his argument was specious. Is he trying to prove god or some other concept of supreme being doesn't exist period? Is he trying to prove a particular interpretation of the Bible is false? So I'd like him to first state specifically what he intends to argue and then we can go from there. To help Sketchy put his thesis together though, let me start out by pointing out that the words, ""omniscient,"" ""omnibenevolent,"" and ""omnipotent"" do not appear anywhere in the Old Testament and the word ""omnipotent"" appears only once in the New Testament. And this word can mean a lot of different things. Also, for the sake of this debate only the King James Version of the Bible will be used."
"There is one God. (Christianity). Pro concedes that he was trolling because he did not give any objection to that. . . . . . ""I quoted a verse of the Bible I was referencing. ""- Rebuttal1)No, you didn't. This is false. You just said ""Deuteronomy 6:4"". It means the sixth version of my story, Bible. Rebuttal 2)Pro had the chance to clarify this in the second round. He failed to do it. But, now he is claiming that. I think Pro himself is confused. . . . ""Also, I did set guidelines. ""- Rebuttal: a. Pro apologyzed in round 2 for not setting up the guidelines properly. He completely accepted my accusation of him. But, now he is trying to confuse the voters with his cheap tricks and tactics. Shame on you, Pro. Go to your room. .. b. That is some really bad conduct to change the guideline of a debate at the end of the debate. .. After saying all that in round 2, now Pro is saying that he was being sarcastic. a)This proves that he was trolling b)This also proves how bad he is at being sarcastic because nobody understood his sarcasm. ""Also, anyone seeing KJV Bible worldwide, would not easily see that is a ""kool John Version"", but that in fact it is the King James Version. ""- I TAKE OFFENSE TO THAT, kool John Version does exist. . . . Pro cited wikipedia to justify Christianity a religion and he didn't even presented what was said inside the link. Nobody has the time to read an entire article just to see whether Christianity is a religion or not. So just because its not there it means it doesnt exist? by that logic everything that IS NOT on the link DOES NOT exist! Writing story is a religion and it exists. Pro told me to prove it. But, I must present new arguments to prove it. Presenting new arguments in the last round is wrong. . . . I would also like to point out that Pro presented new arguments in the last round . Voters should penalize this. . . Summary: 1) Pro forfeits that there are more than one Glorious Demon ox 2) Pro forfetis that Glorious Demon Ox can be represented as God. 3) Pro believes that everything on the wikipedia is real 4) Pro forfeits that he did not define God in the first round 6) Pro forfeits that he did not specify that we had to wait to last round and wait for him to define everything 7) Pro forfeits there is both Christian God and Glorious Demon Ox are more than one 8) Pro forfeits that he did not lay the ground rules for the debate in round 1, leaving it open to interpretation, definitions, etc That is a total forfeit. Points for argument go to me. He was trolling."
"the whole political system is flawed. When I said all politicians lie i didn't specify whether or not they were political lies or just general lies because general lying also implies the ability and possibility to lie even at a political level. Also as a point of reference and proof that nothing is done in favour of what the people want - in New Zealand (which is where i'm from by the way) there has been 10 citizens initiated referendum's held and all 10 have been overruled by the government and exactly the opposite of what the citizens wanted to be changed was done. This fact is proof that we do not live in a democracy. In America - you have lobbyists which change your laws. .Many a lobbyist has on numerous occasions been caught out on bribe acceptance. Although this has happened - the political system has not changed or become more transparent as to ensure it won't happen again which begs the question as to ""why"". .. .. America is supposed to be one of the wealthiest nations on earth yet your homeless and starving number in the millions (more than the population of new zealand) Every politicians stance on poverty and hunger regardless of right or left wing is to ""eradicate or decrease it"". .. All it's ever done is statistically risen and worsened. in conclusion my opponent has only really made very weak attempts at counter arguing my premises and not put forward any of his/her own premises/conclusions in favour of proving that it's not flawed."
"humans are not evolving significantly any more. To some it may seem as if we have ceased to evolve, to these people i would say look at the bigger picture. You may think that we have reached our peak because we've built an environment so comfortable for ourselves that we are no longer in any real danger other than that caused by ourselves, and this has left us with no need to adapt because we have the ability to change the world around us. Yes humans have indeed reached a peak; our physical bodies will not naturally adapt, but this is because they do not need to. You are looking at evolution the wrong way as you are looking for patterns that have already occurred, but the next step of human evolution has never seen before. The key is knowledge of the universe. knowledge has power beyond our current understanding and once a true understanding of the universe is acquired, we will be able to exist on a higher level. We are living in the information age where data is acquired and saved but never destroyed, not only that but it is accessible anywhere, to anyone at any time thanks to the internet. The growth of knowledge will speed up the growth of technology, and the growth of technology is exponential. The advancements will allow greater advancements infinitely. Who knows, perhaps we will create artificial intelligence that will be self aware, then make the decisions based on the collective knowledge of the human race, this is a power we currently could not even comprehend.Look at the world around you, electricity constantly surging through every device. machines becoming more and more powerful. Technology is slowly solving every single little flaw that humanity possesses until we are eternal and we can leave the earth to finally seek the truth. Machinery is becoming more compact and integrated into our everyday lives, soon it will physically be a part of us in cell sized robots. this is the truth and its coming up fast. This is the most important time to be alive."
"Guns should be more regulated in the United States. Although my opponent has forfeited the round, I would like to use this opportunity to present a brief summary of my stance on this issue: 1) Certain types of guns should be banned outright, as they are not necessary to the safety of the general public. Some guns, specifically automatic and semi-automatic guns, pose a direct danger to the community. 2) Background checks should be mandated for all individuals prior to the acquisition of firearms. This common sense measure is supported by the vast majority of U.S. citizens. 3) A tax should be imposed on certain firearms. This would decrease the availability of the guns that are most often used to harm others."
"Game x Game (2). Crap, I have 6 minutes to write this, so I better just be very brief in my rebuttals.REBUTTALSGraphicsGraphics do not make a good game. Take minecraft for example. Yes, a beautiful game can captivate, but it is not an objective measure of whether one game is better than another.UniqueWind Waker is not so unique. It fits the criteria of being a Zelda game. Progression through the story and dungeon play out exactly as all Zelda games do. GameplayThere is a reason that people continued to play Diablo 2 for a decade after it's release, despite other hack and slash games coming and going throughout that period while people moved onto newer Zelda games; Diablo 2 was replayability personified. That clearly says a lot for it's gameplay. CONCLUSIONI'm sorry I can't say more but I have literally a few minutes to submit something. I will draw a better conclusion in the final round."
"Resolved: Some type of creator outside of the universe exists. My opponent claims that I lose this debate today because I never directly prove that a God exists, merely that we can assume that a God. Lets remember that in a debate it is not the affirmatives resposiblity to prove without a reasonable doubt that a resolution is true, merely that the affirmative case is more proble than the negative case. I have proved this through my 3 three contention which my oppenents has yet address. I would like to address my oppoents contentions now. One my oppoent claims that Animalistic instinct is realible to morality but this is fallacy. The Theory of Evoultion shows us quite quickly that this is not the case because any survival of the fittest argument directly interferes with biological altruism. If anything instinct is egoism and egoism is largely rejected by the majority of philosophers. Lets move on the voters: You should vote for the affirmative today because the affirmative did a better job of proving the existance/nonexistance of God, Took the debate seriously, proposed a value to undermine the case, laid out simple contentions, and last had a point by point attack on the neg. case."
"We should have free college tuition. ""Wall street and rich people"" May have people who cannot afford high taxes living near them. Just because they are ""rich"" doesn't mean that they should pay for their rich neighbor's college tuition. The government will make the country contribute to the tax, not just ""Wall street and rich people."" College is normally extremely expensive and the government and ""rich people"" cannot pay for some strangers tuition."
"Islam Vs. Hinduism. In the name of Allah the most merciful and the most compassionate. I start this debate wanting to know the truth behind Hinduism with out any hate, and I'd like to know what are the things that many people don't know about this religion and reasons to convert to Hinduism as well. So we will start this round by defining our own religion breifly yet clearly. In Islam we mainly believe that there is only one God and many different prophets and messengers of God and we believe that Mohammed (PBUH) is the last prophet sent by God, as muslims we believe in the day of judgement and also believe in heaven and hell."
"Women should not feel offended when called 'babe' or 'baby'. Women should not feel offended when called 'babe' or 'baby', since it is not necessarily an insult. It is rather a compliment, to express admiration for the women, which in more often cases would be beautiful. It can boost her self-esteem. Also, many waitresses call men clients 'honey', since they have the right to do it, men should also have the right to call women 'babe'."
"US Hegemony is bad. Hegemony is counterproductive: Multipolarity now -- other powers are emerging such as Europe and China. This non uniques any claim as to why hegemony solves war because thats empirically denied -- we should be in a large scale war right now then 1. Hegemony causes counterbalancing -- other countries will try and balance out the US, killing any attempt at reform, especially in foreign policy. No US engagement will work, and our army becomes overstretched. 2. Causes proliferation -- other countries will proliferate WMDs to combat US heg since its the only way for them to feel safe. Proliferation increases the likeliness of nuclear war by making it easy for rogue states to launch nuclear missiles. 3. Spurs terrorism -- the reason there is terrorism is because they're hostile to the american value system, especially hegemony. Terrorism is obviously bad, and if someone wants to indict this impact, be my guest. 4. Kills our economy -- deficit is bad now, if we keep increasing hegemony, we will plunge our economy down the drain. Keeping our military up costs alot of money and we cant afford it anymore right now. 4 offensive reasons why heg is bad, just need to win one"
"Apple's OS X is superior to Microsoft's Windows. Hello, I welcome you to this debate. This debate will be open for anyone who wishes to enter, and debate about this topic. In this debate, we will be debating about Operating Systems. Apple's OS X and Microsoft's Windows. The debate will be organized in the following way: Rounds: Round 1: Acceptance Round. Round 2: Pro begins with constructive arguments. / Con begins with constructive arguments, optionally rebuttals. Round 3: Rebuttals. Round 4: Rebuttals. Round 5: Final arguments and conclusion. I hope that whoever wishes to debate about his topic, is more than welcome. I'll be waiting."
"Capital Punishment should be abolished in the United States. When I looked up capital punishment, I am against it, but oh well. Reasons why we should have capital punishment: I. Safety 1. Criminals that get the death penalty are generally violent people. For the safety of the prison""""s guards, other prisoners, and the general public (in case a death row inmate escapes prison), then it dictates that safety is a reason for capital punishment. (1) II. Appropriate punishment 1.It is commonly believed that the punishment of a crime should equal the crime, if possible. Using common knowledge, the appropriate punishment for murder is death. (1) III. Vengeance Some crimes are so horrific that some people think that revenge or retribution is the only option. This reasoning is not based on logic; but rather, it is based on emotions. Therefore, this reason should not be deemed a valid justification. (1) 1.http://www.philforhumanity.com..."
legal age should be 16. Another good point however sources indicate that the fully development and maturity starts in the early 20's another point that my opponent made was that it would effect them in the future if at a young age they be treated like adults with the responsibility that can make them an responsible as adults do longer you treat them like children the more immature they will be If you say there not older enough to do this or that there going to do it anyway what makes teens what to do grown up enough is the fact that someone tells them they can't if these teens knew about the responsibilities of being adult earlier on they would be careful in the decisions they make.
"Christianity rejects the Words of Christ: ""A house divided..."". Con's opening should lift all believers to the very heights of heaven. But- I live on the Earth. I need something more practical. Something that can be used to defend the faith. All practical Christians must strive to bring those Christians with their heads in the clouds back down to reality. How are the practical Christians to do this? By begging and pleading? Christians don't beg. No, there is a much better way. It is called- Compressibility We practical Christians will bring those impractical Christians into a dive. And as they are coming down from the clouds they gain more and more speed until their craft is brought under the Law of Compressibility. The impractical Christians as they are coming down will lose control. In this way the impractical cloud dwellers must face the enemy here on the ground. Argument number 1: Adam and Eve: ""A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump."" Galatians 5:9 Observation 1: When Eve fell there were only two humans on Earth. Therefore When Eve fell she took exactly half of the entire human race with her. Observation 2: It took some time for the serpent to talk Eve into committing sin. Therefore Her act was not instantaneous Observation 3: When Adam came into contact with Eve, (after Eve's fall) he immediately followed her into sin. Therefore a) Adam's sin, (unlike Eve's) was instantaneous b) Eve's fall ended in taking the entire human race with her Conclusion: ""A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump."" Galatians 5:9 Cross reference Galatians 5:9 with 1 Corinthians 5:6 and Matthew 13:33"
"Nuclear weapons give states valuable agenda-setting power on the international stage. Possessing nuclear weapons will do little to help small and poor nations set the agendas on the international stage. In the present age, economic power is far more significant in international and diplomatic discourse than is military power, particularly nuclear weapon power. States will not be able to have their grievances more rapidly addressed in the United Nations or elsewhere, since they will be unable to use nuclear weapons in an aggressive context as that would seriously threaten their own survival. Possessing nuclear weapons may at best provide some security against neighbouring states, but it creates the greater threat of accidental or unintended use or of nuclear weapons falling into the hands of terrorists and rogue states. improve this  "
"Universal Health Care. I will acknowledge my opponets deffinition for a Human right, but I will respectfully disagree. In my opinion, everyone should have access to medicine, and to a further degree, good health. I believe that everyone has the right to go to the doctors/hospital without fearing a bill. And the U.S. does remain the only Westeren Industialized nation that does not have universal health care for all of its' citizens. A couple of things that make this debate: *Cost Concerns *Socialism/Communism *Stripping Freedom of Choice *Wait Times for Medical Attention Cost Concern: My opponet breifly brought up the term free market solution. Remeber, this isn't a discussion about Price Chopper vs. Hanaford in the free market. This is not a free market issue. When someone in the middle to low ecconomic class gets hurt or ill, they are hesitant to go to the hospital because the ""Free"" market put a price on medical help. Now, how do we pay for Universal Health care, before I get carried away with the evils of HMOs. The fact is Federal studies by the Congressional Budget Office and the General Accounting office show that single payer universal health care would save 100 to 200 Billion dollars per year despite covering all the uninsured and increasing health care benefits. The costs of health care in Canada as a % of GNP, which were identical to the United States when Canada changed to a single payer, universal health care system in 1971, have increased at a rate much lower than the United States, despite the US economy being much stronger than Canada's. Universal Health Coverage is achievable, espically with the war ending, we could ensure the entire country, and have cash left over. HMOs are the current way of Health care in this country. These are corporations out to make and save money by dening people of medical care. This is the Free Market solution. Yeah but isn't this the first step to Socialism? Well, I don't hear any complaining about our Police Departments, Fire Departments, Public Schools, and Libraies. All socialized fractions of our great and free society. So if public schools and police departments are ok, than I guess medicine should be too. Stripping the freedom to choose what kind of plan you want. The...Free Market system, or a government run system. I think Obamas plan makes the most sense here. People can choose (under his health care plan) either to stick to their HMO or buy into the Governmentas universal coverage. Wait Times for Medical Attention. Americans alrewady wait for emergancy service in America. The ERs are full!! Sorry but I left this up for a little bit to go eat, and now I must get off the computer so I know this was short a sweet but...yeah. Thanks."
"Resolved: Gay marriage ought be legalized in the United States. Only until recently has there been talk of seperation of church and state-- as we find on our coins-in God we trust- our songs-One nation under God-- It was never the early fathers choice for the seperation-- and as i stated God gives everyone free will to choose their path- either for God or against God. There is no other reality. Yes there are many religions ( confusion ) God only has one religion- not many. He only needs one religion because he is not a God of confusion, men are confused, mislead into accepting things against God."
"Joe Arpaio is awesome and totally doesn't hate on latinos unjustly. My opponent has cited credible evidence for his side of the argument, yet has not voiced his personal opinion. I would ask that instead of merely giving citations, that con justifies them.Arpaio is merely enforcing (as he is required to do by law), SB1070. He has not created a ""discriminatory"" or ""racist culture"" and to imply so would be plain wrong. He has lawfully and intelligently gained the support of a posse that helps, among MANY other duties, to prevent illegal immigration. Even if one can accuse him of hating on latinos, he does so because the new law encourages him to do so along with all of the supporters of said law.""The Arizona Act additionally makes it a state misdemeanor crime for an alien to be in Arizona without carrying the required documents,[8] requires that state law enforcement officers attempt to determine an individual's immigration status during a ""lawful stop, detention or arrest"" when there is reasonable suspicionthat the individual is an illegal immigrant,[9] bars state or local officials or agencies from restricting enforcement of federal immigration laws,[1"" -http://en.wikipedia.org...http://www.sheriffjoe.org...By the by, awesome picture."
"The death penalty should be abolished. We live in a world where there are certain moral absolutes that have to be enforced. One of these absolutes is the sacredness of human life. Anyone that takes human lives or gravely threatens its existence, therefore, should be dealt the harshest punishment we can conceive of death. Moral values do not exist on their own, they have to be promoted and supported by society at large. In modern and civilized societies the supporters of capital death have decreased in number. Critics view the death penalty as barbaric. However, this unrealistic and romantic view ignores the basic human nature. The most common argument my opponents may pose may be that the death penalty is apparently inhumane but aren""t the crimes of torture, rape, treason, kidnapping, murder inhumane?"
"The Mosquito is not a weapon at all. It is simply something that encourages young people to move aw... The Mosquito is not a weapon at all. It is simply something that encourages young people to move away. Like an alarm clock ringing away continuously upstairs, the Mosquito can be ignored for quite a while but will eventually become irritating enough to make the hearer do something about it. This hardly makes it an assault. Indeed, many teenagers have downloaded the same sound as a cellphone ringtone, so that adults can’t hear their phone ringing. They wouldn’t do this if it the Mosquito sound caused extreme discomfort. And there is no evidence that it does lasting damage to anyone."
"Should anything in local government be ""in camera"" hidden from the public. With everything of importance on video.. If someone hides from the camera, people will know they are bad. The camcorder person should hound them like any good watchdog. Yup if the town manager slammed their door he/she should be terminated. I say. All video should be uploaded to YouTube or other service unedited and as soon as possible. People like watching fresh video."
"Gulf war II was just. Gulf War II: Current war in Iraq Just: being what is merited (Merriam-Webster) So the statement for PRO says that the current war in Iraq was merited, or necessary. I vehemently disagree! In Iraq, more people die each month on average than Americans in 9/11. The death of 40000+ per year is not merited. We came in and took out the stabilizing force in Iraq, whether that was our objective or not, we screwed Iraq over, and that is not just, good, or merited. Opponent's case: ""Gulf war II was a continuation of our policy to maintain strategic assets. In this case it was oil in SA."" You know oil costs a whole lot more now than it did before. Anyways, oil being a SA does not justify the Iraq war, as it assumes that that policy was just in the first place. Finally, the policy itself may be just, but the means of doing so weren't, as the ends did not justify them."
"JLA vs Avengers. Martian Manhunter has the same abilities as vision and more. He can also just phase a put his arm through the hulk or sentry's head or organs. Zatanna would be able to alter anyone's thoughts and calm them down. Captain Atom could absorb any energy manipulator powers. Any characters that can't survive in space could be thrown in space by the Green Lanterns. Batman would use most of his plans to maim the JLA on Avengers similar to JLA(quicksilver=flash etc). Superman would be very powerful. Flash could rewind time before the JLA lose and continue doing so until they win. Black lightning could short circuit any electronic equipment(Ant mans helmet, Iron mans suit etc). Cyborg could use his laser cannon. Steel with his suit and hammer would be very helpful to the JLA. Firestorm would be useful too. I thank you again for debating. I enjoyed debating with you. I can't wait for your last statement."
"Most important FAKE Battles in history!. Battle: The Battle Where the Black Man DiesMovie: X-Men First ClassInvolved Parties: The White Antagonist and the ONLY male Black DudeTime: I didn't watch the movie, but probably towards the beginning like where every other black man diesThe PreludeA bunch of white people and a black dude were showing off their powers. All of the white people had bad-@ss powers, the black dude was able to become a fish. Real BA mo-fucka ya'll. Then the white antagonist talks about an oncoming war where the mutants will either be ENSLAVED or will rise against humanity. Obviously the enslaved part was a reference to the black dude.The BattleThe white antagonists puts a fireball in the black dude's mouth and the black dude dies. That's it. That's the whole thing. The black dude doesn't even put up a fight. He just dies. Nothing else. The end. The brotha died.The SignificanceWe're talking about the most important movie battles here, so what is more important than building a much more utopian mindset in society itself? The significance of this battle goes beyond the limitations of the movie. X-Men First class has helped cement a racist mindset in Hollywood. I mean, think about it. The black dude's name was Darwin. This is an obvious reference to Charles Darwin and the theory of natural selection. The white antagonist (who is designed to be a boss) even said ""adapt to this"" when killing Darwin, again referencing that theory. This goes to show that the movie makers see the black dude as unfit to live. Racist hollywood, stop reinforcing the idea that the black dude must die first. http://tvtropes.org... I mean, come on, it's a movie trope for crying out loud.A vote for me is a vote against racism. Stop the black dude from dying first. Do the right thing DDO!"
"cause and effect is plus and minus, plus is minus, and mins is plus. lies are complicated by separation and true is simple now as one any cause and effect example is sufficient, so complication is unnecessary there are many causes and effects in the man who climbs a ladder example, and plus can not happen without minus, there are no causes without effects the man adds his weight to the latter where as moving forward and subtracting from where he was in going forward up the latter and so on.. a simple example, I hold my finger up in front of me, and move it slightly, there, plus and minus is equal, you moved the finger and remember where you moved it to as you look at your finger"
"The Theory of Global Warming is True the greenhouse effect is to blame. Hello stashu First off I do believe that the Earth is warmer than before, but this doesn't mean global warming. Green house gases DO NOT effect our tempature. IF you saw ""An Inconvenient Truth"" (my biaist sexist teacher made our class watch it last year, and we ended up fighting about politics) there was a big chart with Co2 emissions and tempatures. The Co2 emissions wouldn't move up or down till 800 years after tempature went up and down. So, tempature causes Co2 emissions to go up. Infact, without green house gases, the Earth's tempature would be -18 degrees Celsius on average. Another interesting fact is that 95% of green house gases are from water vapor (hmmm what's hydrogen?). The gases will only effect night time temps. too. LAstly, wet lands give out more green house gases than all human resources combined. So, green house gases are out of the question. The ""Little Ice Age"" was period of time between the 13th century to around 1850 (scientist aren't really sure when it began). But before that, was the mid-evil warm period. During that tempatrers were dramatically higher than average. That brought us to the Little Ice Age. The tempatures would get really cold in intervals. In between these intervals, the tempatuer would rise a little. In the final years of the ice age, Connecticut got 3 feet of snow in the SUMMER. This shows that just because it's getting warmer, doesn't means it will stay warm. Other good facts- - The Earth has risen in tempature around .33 degrees in 100 years -Co2 levels aren't the highest ever. The highest level ever was in the Cambrian Era. They were 18 times higher than now -The clouds from coal fired power plants are just clouds, nothing else. -Weather satellites can record global warming more accurate than weather ballons and ground thermometers. -The satellites have recorded a decrease in global temps. since they began 18 years ago -In the ""inconvenient Truth"" Al Gore says that sea level will rise 20 feet, will predictions at our current rate, the sea level will rise 23 inches in 300 years -He says that Polar Bears will go extinct, well in research done, it shows that Polar Bears have increased in numbers"
"Your words will not stop me from molesting children. Your words will not stop me from molesting children They tell me how I am a failure They tell me how I am a loser They tell me how I am useless They tell me how I am selfish They tell me how I will never have friends They tell me how I will be forever alone They tell me that what I do is wrong They tell me to be more productive They tell me to get a job They tell me how I am nothing And will never be something They seem to know a lot about me But there is one thing they don't know Their words will not stop me from molesting children I will never stop molesting children I don't know why I molest children I don't need to know why I just know that it is something that I do It is something that I have done It is something that I will do At first, Their words used to hurt me But I didn't change, I didn't stop Now, Their words no longer hurt They no longer have the desired effect And I am still a pedophile And I am still molesting children"
"The Church condemns all sex outside of marriage, hetero or homosexual in nature. There can be no doubt that the Bible and Jesus strongly condemn sex outside of Christian marriage (or ‘fornication’). Indeed for much of Christian history sex even within marriage has been seen as a necessary evil that should only be for creating children, as a result priests, monks and nuns had to be celibate.[1] Although Jesus spent time in the company of adulterers, He loved ""the sinner, not the sin"" - and ordered them to cease their behaviour. His response to homosexuals would have been just as unequivocal. [1] Bacchiocchi, Samuele, ‘Marriage and Sex’, The Marriage Covenant: A Biblical Study on Marriage, Divorce, and Remarriage, http://www.biblicalperspectives.com/books/marriage/3.html"
"Global migration is a problem; solution: reduce migration. Victor Davis Hanson. ""The Global Immigration Problem."" Real Clear Politics. May 31, 2007: ""In Germany, Turkish workers - both legal and illegal - are desperate to find either permanent residence or citizenship. 'Londonstan' is slang for a new London of thousands of unassimilated Pakistani nationals. In France, there were riots in 2005 because many children of North African immigrants are unemployed - and unhappy. Albanians flock to Greece to do farm work, and then are regularly deported for doing so illegally. The list could go on. [...] The lasting solution is not the status quo - or even walls, fines, deportation, amnesty or guest-worker programs. Instead, failed societies in Latin America, Africa and much of the Middle East must encourage family planning and get smarter about using their plentiful natural wealth to keep more of their own people home."""
"Evolution is well supported by scientific evidence. In this debate, I will attempt to prove that the theory of evolution is supported by scientific evidence. In order to do so, I need to first prove that macroevolution is possible and is happening; then, I need to prove that evolution is indeed responsible, at least partially, for the life we see today. I will do so by presenting evidence such as transitional fossils and speciation.Point 1: Fossil EvidenceEvolution states that the genetic composition of a population changes over time. As organisms change, they leave transitional fossils behind.Premise 1: Transitional fossils can be found only if evolution is true.Premise 2: A lot of transitional fossils have been discovered.Conclusion: Evolution is supported by scientific evidence.Justifying premise 2: There are many transitional fossils which have already been found. There are many transitional fossils between reptiles and birds, reptiles and mammals, and primates and humans; this confirms that evolution is true. [1]The conclusion follows logically from premises 1 and 2.Point 2: Observed Speciation (marcoevolution)Definition of a species: ""Related organisms capable of interbreeding and producing fertile offspring.""P1: Speciation should only happen if evolution were to be true.P2: Speciation has been observed.C: Evolution is (likely) true.Justification for P2: I will list two examples of new species. Please note that this is not a 1. GoatsbeardsGoatsbeards, which are wild flowers that have been introduced to America from Europe, have speciated. Initially, three species were introduced from Europe; these three species could not produce fertile offspring when interbreeding, only infertile hybrids, showing that they are separate species. Two new species of goatsbeards later appeared from speciation; they were fertile and produced offspring, even though they appeared like the hybrids.[2]2.Drosophila paulistorum Drosophila paulistorum, which is a type of fruit fly, speciated sometime during the late 50's and the early 60's. Its hybrids with other strains were sterile, showing that it was a new species.Conclusion:Observed macroevolution, as well as transitional fossils, show that the evidence for evolution is strong.SOURCES[1]http://www.talkorigins.org...[2]http://www.talkorigins.org..."
"Resovled: Liberlism should not be allowed in the U.S. His defenses are weak. My opponent says that it needs to be fixed in order to better America, yet he fails to show us how or why it would even remotely benefit America. There is more than one founding father and so the assumption of it is against the founding father is wrong. However, if it was not allowed it would violate the 1st amendment rights. (. http://www.usconstitution.net...) Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Being a Liberal or preaching or believing in liberalism is freedom of expression. Our founding fathers were very much against not allowing us to express ourselves after coming out of the tyranny of British Rule. Thus, the negatives point is negated. Acorn is not a liberal Group Acorn, is however a group that has been criticized as much by Democrats as anyone. It has been slandered as a ""liberal "" group without anything to support it. The only thing that could possibly link the two are that they have been more supportive of government subsidies for housing for the poor than Republicans. The fact that Acorn was caught not applying the kind of standards Republicans routinely dont apply to things like going to war or spying on American citizens doesn't mean Acorn somehow reflects liberal philosophy. So, to say such thing without evidence is a invalid claim. My only points are still unrefuted. I will now review them. Public Education is a liberal ideal. Public schools as the iberals teach us, are part of the foundation of democracy. Without the socialization in which every child partakes of the democratic culture of the public schools we would divide into warring classes and subcultures. Woman's Suffrage has created a significantly higher voter turnout rate and has allowed democracy to thrive. 68 percent of white women voted in the last election. 69 percent of Black women voted in the election. Where as only 61 percent of black men and 64 percent of white men voted. (. http://www.baystatebanner.com...) Without the liberal idea of equal liberties women would not have been able to contribute to voting at all and it would have hurt the politcal process as it would not reflect a true majority of the people. I want to point out that he conceded the idea that liberalism in and of itself is not dangerous because it is merely a belief or idea. and that is when ideas or beliefs are acted on that they may become dangerous."
"Racist's are ignorant and are purely stupid. He may be very intelligent however he obviously didn't have any common sense due to the fact he did not realise that every one is the same. For example I know this sounds stupid however it makes sense, a phone comes in many different colours however at the end of the day they are all phones and all basically the same, just because one is black and another is white it does not make the phone work any better. Ignorance does not mean you are stupid it means you do not think about what you are thinking with any actual common sense. You could be the most intelligent person on the planet however if you are racist, then you are not thinking with your head you are thinking with your heart, it is what that person believes however they are not using their intelligence."
"Rejecting The Existence Of God Is Reasonable. Thanks Con for that...argument?Collection of statements?Series of words barely strung together?Thanks Con for whatever that just was.*Responding to Con*I hope it's obvious that my case was dropped like a bowling ball covered in Con's anal lube, so I need not rehash creation or precedence being temporal or that morality needs not an ultimate source.On to what Con said...Con blathers:""You know back in the olden days, when your mom was still using couldrons yeah...""My response:Is this how British people refer to the past?Oh the cauldron days were splendid, jammy, and proper!Con informs:""sheeples believed that fairies lived in trees.""My response:Con is referring to the lesser-known animal that is half-sheep half-human (Homo Ovis Aries Sapien).While analyzing Con's preferred sexual partners could explain a lot about Con, the fact that sheeple believe there are fairies in trees is irrelevant to whether or not it's reasonable to reject a creator of the universe/source of morality.Con reckons:""humanity has a natural phobia of the unknown, whether it be darkness, death, or your face!""My response:I get that Con is trying to say that humanity has a natural phobia of my face, but the idea that they have a fear of my face because it's unknown makes no sense.Right?Like if it's the case that my face is that bad that it's something to be feared, it would have to be known to be so hideous...Con's insult sucks.*Conclusion*I extend all arguments, and I await an actual response from Con."
"Disincentives to spend spell economic disaster. ""In boom or recession, one of the worst things a government can do is encourage its citizens NOT to spend."" It is difficult to know how to interpret this. a) Perhaps the writer simply means that it would be terrible for an economy if everyone stopped trading altogether. This is, of course, true. But basic income tax *doesn't* stop people trading altogether. All other things being equal, it simply makes consumers spend *less*. So, if this is what the writer means, then he is correct, but his point is irrelevant. b) But perhaps the writer is (correctly) pointing out that, all other things being equal, the greater the income tax, the less consumers spend. He then suggests (incorrectly I suggest) that one should encourage consumers to spend as much as possible. And therefore, he concludes, income tax is bad because it reduces consumer spending. I suggest that he is mistaken in his claim that governments ought to encourage consumers to spend as much as possible. Economists may disagree on many things, but they all agree that if consumers spend too much the economy is threatened by ""inflation"": prices start rising very quickly, salaries rise to keep up, prices rise even faster. Money becomes worthless. Periods of hyperinflation, e.g. Germany in the early 1930s, are disastrous. It is also worth noting another error in the adjacent argument: The money that consumers can't spend, because the state has taken as tax, is actually spent by the state. In fact, since (firstly) states tend to overspend, and (secondly) some consumers would save some of their money rather than spend it, taxation normally ensures that more money is spent than otherwise would be. In fact, this point is the basis of Keynsian economic theory. ""I suggest that he is mistaken in his claim that governments ought to encourage consumers to spend as much as possible. Economists may disagree on many things, but they all agree that if consumers spend too much the economy is threatened by ""inflation"": prices start rising very quickly, salaries rise to keep up, prices rise even faster. Money becomes worthless. Periods of hyperinflation, e.g. Germany in the early 1930s, are disastrous."" This remember is based on society paying income tax. Prices only rise counteract tax increases so as to make a profit. If you keep everything you earn you have no need to raise prices. as your profits are higher due to Joe Public having more money to spend. If you don't pay income tax (a good thing), then we need to ensure that items that we are not paying tax on are manufactured in the UK thus boosting the whole commerce behind it, that way the country can benefit from the additional spending incurred from the tax saving. Thus ensuring that we export and not import again increasing the revenue churn. This is an all or nothing solution, remove tax, increase home grown products and spend money in the UK and increase exports."
"Parental Responsibility. The “unjust” argument is a good counter.  One could cite some neurobiology evidence that lack of discipline is due to complex cognitive deficits that manifest through delayed brain development even in otherwise normal seeming children, which belies the “parental responsibility/failure” view. To start with, cognitive deficits can be caused by genetic factors or other things which started before birth, and can stop children being able to function normally.[1] [1] Tynan, W. Douglas, ‘Cognitive Deficits’, Medscape Reference, 3 June 2013, http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/917629-overview"
"Lets Rap Battle Again(:. (What, scared of me?) I came back to kick your a** another time 'Cause this rap battle is about to be mine I beat you last time without even trying You claimed it wasn't your best, but quit lying I'm a woman here to fight, a hardcore winner Your a child who'll be eating leftovers for dinner"" So excuse my while I put my sun glasses on,""walk away to my theme son'"
"""Moderates"" That Sympathize With Extremists Are Not Moderates. Because my opponent has forfeited the round, I'll briefly reiterate or list some main points: - Someone can be sympathetic to one political issue, either to the hard right or the hard left. It doesn't negate their other political beliefs, which may be on the completely opposite end of the spectrum (making their views all together moderate). - One does not have to see moderately on every issue in order to be considered a political moderate. Being a Moderate is a political ideolgy; not a poltical party."
"It should not be socially acceptable for women to hit men. It was a pleasure debating you and thanks for all your responses. The video that you have posted makes both genders a bad individual in different perspectives. However, most likely, men are more likely to hit women according to studies. And thanks for clarifying the Mayweather story. You said it was basically an eye for an eye thing but society cannot go around when everything is an eye for an eye. In order for society to work out, all individuals have to respect one another's rights and properties that one has."
"Marajuana is good. Again I go back to the definition of intoxication. As you can see, the definition used by my opponent is from Wikipedia, a website of information that can easily be changed by anyone that pleases. For all we know, he could have simply hit edit and changed the definition. Secondly my point brought up by the Lord giving us this herb is a valid point. Most of the world goes by the religion of either Christianity, Judaism, or Islamic. Yes, you can argue that muslims and jews do not go by this but they actually do. They just give it a different name. Those three religions are all connected. Finally, a new point, marajuana can boost the economy. The government could just tax it and lower the debt. Marajuana also can make the mind more creative which can then boost productivity of workers and the methods they use to their work. Also I would like to thank my opponent for accepting my debate. He is a valid opponent."
"Video Games is Ruining Society. Thanks you for accepting. First, I would like to define ""ruin"" using the Merriam-Webster dictionary (not that your definition was fine): Ruin- /verb/ ""to reduce to ruins"" http://www.merriam-webster.com... I would like to start off my argument with the subject of: TEEN VIOLENCE IN RELATION TO VIDEO GAMES In 2004, 3 teens under the age of 18 murdered a homeless man in a disturbing fashion. The teens told police that killing the man reminded him of playing a video game. http://articles.cnn.com... In 2007, 17 year old Daniel Petric shot both of his parents due to them taking away his video game. He fled the scene with nothing but a copy of ""Halo 3."" Petric's attorney stated that Daniel was dangerously addicted to Halo 3. There are many more stories like these of under age teens going off killing people under the influence of video games. My next subject: VIDEO GAME ADDICTION Reading the article that you referenced to, I saw that 1 out of 8 gamers develop patterns similar to addiction. Now just think that 97% of teens play video games. http://www.csmonitor.com... I will now define ""addict"" /noun/ to devote or surrender (oneself) to something habitually or obsessively By just reading the definition you will know that this is something that is not healthy. Video game addiction can cause extreme anger and verbal abuse, nausea, physical illness, restless taunting dreams, anxiety, depression, mood swings, fear, irritability or restlessness, sadness, and loneliness. Remember, today's children are tomorrow's future. If we have a society addicted to video games and going off killing people nothing will be accomplished and therefore society will be ruined."
"Recruitment officers often make highly misleading pitches about life in the military. Recruiters should not minimise the risks of a military career, but the armed forces do have a good story to tell and they should not be prevented from doing so. There really are great opportunities for keen, talented young people in the military, and almost all soldiers, etc. find it a very satisfying life. And compared with the past, soldiers today are much better looked after in terms of physical, medical and psychological wellbeing."
"Speech is our most important freedom. ""I think a basic difference between my opponent's paradigm and my own is that my opponent is describing the effect of freedom on the individual, whereas I am more conceerned with its effect on society. But both views have to be balanced against one another. That is what courts are for. Consequently my values are superior to those of my opponent who only sees one or the other aspect of a very complicated issue."" ============================================================================= My Response On the contrary, I am describing both the effect on society and the effect on individuals. 1st, on society. If life is not a right, then it can be taken away at will. This negates the entire point of society and is essentially anarchy, far worse than the impacts my opponent describes. 2nd, If life is not a right, for an individual, it can be taken away at will, and when an individuals life is taken away, so is his freedom of speech. As such, my impact encompasses and outweighs his impacts. In conclusion. He has yet to refute my points about how right to life is necessary to freedom of speech to exist, meaning that right to life is more important than freedom of speech. I have addressed both societal and individual impacts of removing the right to life, and in both instances, they outweigh the removal of freedom of speech. There is only one way to vote. Vote Con. Thank you."
"The United States should return to the Gold Standard:. Actually we are more than capable of returning to the gold standard, and any increment of gold and silver would do. We have 260 million ounces of gold in the treasury, and 804 ounces of silver, which at the market price of 1,250$ an ounce of gold and 20$ an ounce of silver, we have 325 billion dollars in gold and 16 billion dollars in silver, which may not be enough, but keep in mind, if gold and silver become America's currency, people will spend their private gold and silver reserve's as well because they know they will get played in gold and silver later. We will see old 1964 coins reappear in circulation as well as old gold coins. You never replied to my previous arguments though so please do that or you lose."
"China(Pro) vs UK(con). As defender you could have made the first move and stated how the war started. China Total population: 1,355.692,576 Available manpower: 749,610,775 Fit for service: 618,588,627 Reaching age annually: 19,538.534 Frontline Personnel: 2,333,000 Reserve Personnel: 2,300,000 Tanks: 9,150 AFVs: 4,788 SPGs: 1,710 Towed Artillery: 6,246 MLRS: 1,770 Total aircraft: 2,860 Fighters/interceptors: 1,066 Fixed wing aircraft:1,311 Transport aircraft: 876 Trainer aircraft: 352 Helicopters: 908 attack helicopters: 196 Navy: 673 aircraft carriers: 1 frigates: 47 destroyers: 25 corvettes: 23 submarines: 67 mine warfare crafts: 6 coastal defense: 11 oil production: 4,372,000 bbl/day oil consumption: 9,500,000 bbl/day proven oil reserves: 17,300,000,000 labor force: 797,600,000,000 merchant marine strength: 2,030 Major ports and terminals: 15 roadway: 3,860,800 railway: 86,000 airports: 507 Defense budget: $145,000,000,000 debt: $863,200,000,000 reserves or foreign exchange and gold: $3,821,000,000,000 purchasing power parity: $13,390,000,000,000 Square land Area: 9,596,961 km coastline: 14,500 km shared border: 22,457 km waterways: 110,000 Since this will be your first war debate that will give you a true challenge I will let you make the first move of showing how the war started along with initial preparations."
"Valentino Shoes Outlet your sexy pumps. It only took a second and Brittney looked very becoming, she'd won the lottery and grinned. Pick the tournament and play the organ, play the organ at the tournament, dunk your biscuits and Duncan Bagels as they say. It was a blame culture for sure and I was late phoning. Swinging and curious and body movements says it all, but keep it under control, in proportion as it were. Arm movement should be kept to a minimum whilst jogging, far to much energy transfer, it was revolutionary though, but keep pumping those sexy hips without a doubt. Friction undoubtedly, G.G.G. application (apply by hand). The shoes are the key, key shoes mid sole performance and technical lacing systems, on the trail or in the woods, jog or cycle carbon interface for sure, keep it high end and reduce friction to a minimum, G.G.G. in all situations though, improves performance, relieves all that nagging doubt. High end top drawer in the bedroom relaxation, in position and those nice warm moist places, Bob's your uncle and Fanny's your aunty, Aunty Fanny and Uncle Bob and Stephanie Loccocus the Greek girl in a subtle backless spider minidress, glands soon got moist and sweaty, they really like to go for it and found an amigo called Sid who was friends with Luke and Eric, Eric had big feet and you know what they say, hence Eric was always Brittney's favourite and Aunt fanny's, Uncle Bob was keen too. G.G.G. (applicator supplied). It was funny in the morning, Eric's large right boot was damp and Stephanie had caught a cold, Sid was in the kitchen bare and Fanny had sausages for breakfast or was it just a dream? It was warm and dry in the kitchen but cold in the pantry, aunt in your pantry as it were eating every ones sausages, booty, shooty, pantry backdoor really! and the size of the cheese, choose the cheese threeway chiz cheeze choo. A weak flash of inspiration with the 400 to 800 range is so re the member, it's a tight fit G.G.G. (applicator supplied), and always compare the shoes to the box. The neighbours complained and said the noise was troublesome, Brittney, Stephanie, Fanny, Bob, Sid, Luke and Eric rising and bouncing, tight fit, shoes on, shoes off, girls only, high end stiletto for sure matched with exquisite top drawer accessories, the neighbours were only jealous. Toe action, anything goes."
"Modern Art. Yes, I think that humans should express themselves in many ways, to get off them, some feelings that needed to ""get out"". I know that there are all over the world ""real"" artists, that can make something outstanding, they deserve attention. But what you are telling, and correct me if I""m wrong, is that for example, the paintings that I was talking about, they can have a hidden meaning, and this makes them a great painting? It was given to me a painting, worth something like 200.000, and its all lines, like a ""poligraph"", with green and yellow, and one day, I said to my self - Today you are going to see past the paint - And after that, it didn""t made me feel emotions. Like songs, there are good songs, and bad songs.. A good song have few chances to be liked and apreciated by people. This should happen with paintings. What makes a good paint, if not its aspect? The message? A song is not good by is message only.."
"Children are impressionable. Allowing teachers to carry arms in school could mean that very young children could easily become acclimatised to the idea that carrying a gun and ultimately gun usage is ok. Surely the way to prevent incidents like Columbine from happening is to teach children about the potentially destructive and fatal consequences of gun usage? For elementary/primary school-age children, it would be difficult to separate the idea that it’s ok for teachers to always carry guns but not for anyone else. "
"ROUND 2 FOR THE FACEBOOK TOURNAMENT IS OUT. MY OPPONENT DID NOT REFUTE ANY OF WHAT I SAID IN THE LAST ROUND. AND HE PRESENTS NO PROOF THAT THERE IS ONLY ONE FACEBOOK TOURNAMENT THAT HAS ANYTHING TO DO WITH THIS SITE. THIS IS A COMPLETE ASSUMPTION. THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE SCHEDULE BEING OUT, BUT AS I'VE EXPLAINED, ""THE"" WOULD MEAN THAT THERE WAS ONLY ONE TOURNAMENT. I'VE PROVEN THAT THERE IS MORE THAN ONE FACEBOOK TOURNAMENT; I'VE WON ACCORDING TO THE RESOLUTION. BY SAYING THAT OUR TOURNAMENT IS ""A"" TOURNAMENT, JOHNICLE CONCEDES TO MY CASE AS HE CONCEDES THAT OUR TOURNAMENT ISN'T ""THE"" TOURNAMENT. SO YEAH, I WIN . .. .. PLAIN AND SIMPLE . .. ."
"the bible does not contridict its self. A lot of the Bible does contradict itself, to claim that it is ""100% Straight Forward"" is absurd. First off, to begin generally, there is the contradiction between the Old and New Testaments. Someone following the Old Testament will follow a much stricter set of laws then someone following the New Testament; for example Jews do not eat pork because the Old Testament forbids it, but the New Testament says that that's okay, so Christians do. Also God in the Old tends to stress the ""eye for an eye"" philosophy, delivering plagues on Egypt, prompting the Israelites to wipe out everyone in the promised land who wasn't a Jew and so on. Jesus on the other hand says ""turn the other cheek"" and stressed the opposite; while many of the Israelites wanted him to topple Rome he didn't and never intended to. Also, most of the Bible isn't straight forward at all. A lot of the stories, especially Jesus's teachings are parables and open to interpretation. Take a story like Daniel in the lion's den. Some people will say that all of that God literally controlled the lions and saved him. Others will say that the story is metaphorical and that it teaches the same message but the events didn't really happen. Many books of the Bible that set down laws, especially ones like Leviticus, are the most controversial. Some of these laws are outdated and unnecessary in our time (like passages that tell you how to treat your slaves). Are these meant to be taken literally or not? Finally, a common argument regards translations. The Bible has been translated and transferred so many times that it's highly likely that portions of it's original form have been lost. The Bible isn't necessarily wrong, but it is far from rock solid."
"Samsung is better than Apple. I think that Apple is better because the phones that they have don't over heat. You also have a longer lasting battery than you do with samsung. Apple were the first to have the original idea of a touch screen phone, and called it the iPhone. After copyrighting it, they were soon to be copied by Samsung. If I was head of Apple, I'd sue Samsung. Also, Apple's technology is sleeker and more efficient than that of Samsung. The Macbook Air is trendy and smart, and Samsung can't compete with that! Apple is better as Samsung has been copying it all the time. You can clearly see how Samsung has completely based it's products on Apple's iPhone, iPad, and even iPod. Apple products don't glitch and they work much faster than Samsung's Products. Has anyone noticed how Samsung even copied Siri after the iPhone 4S was announced? Apple has a much better screen and build and a better looking phone. Samsung is just too wide. They should just stop trying. Go back to making fridges and T.V.S! Apple has way more apps and on samsung tablets, they just make the phone apple bigger! Besides, apple has an easier-to-use interface. Samsung is just confusing. This is why i think that apple is better."
"Africa does not have the resources to protect itself from climate change. A report by the United Nations Environmental Project estimates that adaptation costs to Africa per year could already be $15billion, reach $50billion by 2050 and anything up to $350billion by 2070. Funding for adaptation to Africa in 2011 was only $454milliion.[1] This is not a gap that Africa can make up itself; in 2010 all spending on education was less than $50billion.[2] Africa can’t afford to adapt itself while responding to an expanding population as well as its existing problems of poverty and disease. It is clear that developed countries that do have the resources have to step it and take responsibility. [1] Schaeffer, Michiel et al., ‘Summary’, Africa Adaptation Gap Technical Report, United Nations Environmental Project, 2013 http://www.unep.org/roa/Amcen/docs/publications/Africa_Adapatation_Gap.pdf , p.xi [2] ‘Public spending on education; total (% of GDP) in sub saharan Africa’, Trading Economics, http://www.tradingeconomics.com/sub-saharan-africa/public-spending-on-education-total-percent-of-gdp-wb-data.html, ‘Gross domestic product 2010’, World Bank, http://siteresources.worldbank.org/DATASTATISTICS/Resources/GDP.pdf"
"Resolved: The U.S. should ban all Guns. Contention 1: 2nd AmendmentThe U. S. Constitution states as follows: ""A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed. ""[1]The founding fathers obviously supported gun rights. The 2nd Amendment says it all. They clearly new that if people were going to be able to defend themselves against tyrrany of a future government they were going to have to be armed. After all we did when our war for independance by force of arms. That we had patriots who fought in the army and fought in organized groups called militias. But to go even further what is this Bill of Rights that this Amendment is located in? Is it merley just a few rights that the governmnet is issueing the people? No! It is a ""no fly zone"" government. It's the basic restrictions for what the government can do. Contention 2: Guns Decrease Crime. Let's take a minute to think like a criminal. Lets we are criminals and we go out trying to find someone to rob, and we come across two different people. One is a gun owner while the other is not. Which would you prefer? The man who is able to defend himself or the man who is defenseless? I am sure the majority of the criminals would agree with me that the best choice would be the one who would put up the least resistance. The statistics prove this point right. The Daily Caller states that even though gun sells increased in 2010; the gun crimes decreased[2]. Also, the Institute for Legislative Action reported the floowing:""The statistics indicate that between 2008 and 2009, as gun sales soared, the number of murders in our country decreased 7.2 percent. "" [3]ConclusionThe facts show that guns are good for decreasing crime, and that the government has no right to take gun rights away. I will now await my opponent's response. Sources[1]. http://en.wikipedia.org...[2]http://dailycaller.com...[3]http://www.nraila.org..."
"Trolls in sheeps clothing. Please further define your argument, as I really have no understanding of your BOP/PC code for vote beggerliness. I am exttremely confused by your statement and who you claim to be which I mostly bet is an anonymous. Fine thee Anonymisto, why is your word the truth? Get a LIFE, BE a human please, no just another cog on the wheel of JUSTICE! Your profile reveals your willingness to lie. And you pretend to tell the truth of my statements? What sayeth you?"
"Should schools have classes based on the interest of students instead of the usual required classes. Yes, it is true that it might be better to choose subjects for your career, but most students would probably just choose the easiest subjects and the ones that have no homework so that they have more time for games and other fun activities. This would be bad for their education, and the only way to prevent that is to have specific subjects that you MUST do."
"People should adopt children instead of pets. Thanks for forfeiting, I don't wish to continue right now until I have your argument. However, I do want to say that Think about the poor kids, How they need someone to live with. Someone to love them and provide comfort. And I know, I was an adopted child so no argument against is true because you don't have the experience to say so."
"Atheist can't have objective morals. But I just have to say this:You say morals come from God and therefore have always been the same. Then how was it in medieval times a good moral to murder gays/jehova's/foreigners/people in general who are off from the average society? It was because it was the law then that it was acceptable. The law makes the morals. Morals can change. They will change over time. Of course not all morals, for example punching a baby will always be wrong, but morals like euthanasia and abortion will change over time. Just like abortion was acceptable and morally good back then. Anarchy is not the change of morals, it's the abandonment of those. It's always wrong to mug a person, but when you're in desperation, it's hard to stay at the borders of morals and let your family die of poverty. Whether an atheist or a christian holds you at gunpoint, it doesn't matter what your religion is. Both ways it's a bad thing and both ways it's a desperate act. You challenge me to answer the question: Why is it morally wrong to oppress a minority to benefit the society, in an atheist view? Because every person deserves to have a decent life. Not because God says so, but because you would want a decent life too. So you allow another person too. And slavery would not be an option because many people would have a bad life. That's also the reason slavery is prohibited nowadays. It might also be interesting to know that in slavery times the majority of the people who decided it was acceptable was christian. Counter arguments:1. Have you ever heard of the so called ""Golden Rule""? It is basically the rule that you should treat another the way you'd like to be treated yourself. This is a rule all bases of religion and society agree it's the best (even religions with other gods). If we wouldn't apply this rule and would assume the god argument, we would only be moral because otherwise we'd burn in hell. So we would live in fear. This happened in medieval times, and that fear was exactly what the pope used to control masses of people.2. As I said, it that were the case, God would be a horrible person since many people have killed in God's name."
"I Will Not Say Anything Typically/Universally Offensive, Snarky, Or Rude In This Debate. DDO decided to delete my entire argument so I'll put up a summarized version. FrameworkLet's look at some definitions:Yes: An affirmative response (1)No: A negative response (2)A ""Yes"" or ""No"" response cannot possibly mean anything other than a affirmative or negative response. Response1. This question states that my opponent is currently discriminating against black people and has stopped or not. She has answered no, therefore meaning that she has not stopped discriminating. I urge the readers to go back and look at the question. It clearly implies that somebody is discriminating against black people in the present tense.2. Affirmative or negative responses cannot possibly mean a neutral response.3. A myth implies that something is not true. Again, there is no middle ground possible with a yes or no answer.4. Again, affirmative or negative responses cannot possibly mean a neutral response.5. Dropped.6. Affirmative or negative responses cannot possibly mean a neutral response.7. My opponent is trying to beat around the bush. She has clearly stated that she supports science, hence being offensive to some people. No ifs, and, or buts.8. Again, affirmative or negative responses cannot possibly mean a neutral response.9. Dropped.10. For some societies such as communistic societies, money is not essential to function. If a communist society occurs in the future and nobody cares about money, this comment will be offensive to them. Also, even today there are people who prefer not to live in mainstream society and not care about money.11. Dropped.12. The wording of the question implies that my opponent currently has pictures of Hitler in her bedroom and has taken them down. I urge the readers to go back to the question. She answered no, therefore there are still pictures of Hitler in her bedroom. This is clearly offensive.13. Whether it is justified or not is completely irrelevant. It is offensive to somebody, whether it be the person getting killed or their relatives.14. Dropped.15. My opponent is operating under the false pre tense that honesty means that something cannot be offensive. This is completely false. The fact that you considered taking your life would immediately make it offensive to those close to you. I urge the readers to look over the questions closely and decide for themselves whether PRO said anything offensive, rude, or snarky. (1). http://www.google.ca...(2)http://www.google.ca..."
"the christian trinity is an illogical idea. con says it can be understood with teh water anaology but hten has to resort to extra dimensions and such to explain it. we can't describe extra dimensions anyway because it is beyond us to graph. in any rate, con's arguments have been tried and found heretical. modalism aka https://en.wikipedia.org...con just says with his beginning remarks, hte split personality remarks, and the water remarks, that the 'person' is always the same, they just change form or modes. this runs afoul of the fact that each person has to be a distinct idenity. a betteranalogy would be that there is one constant of liquid but each substance is different, water, mercury etc. but this even fails cause they are not suppose to be constant of liquid, it's just changing modes.if we looked at it like math.... five plus one is six, four plus two is six. the truth is they both equal six and thus equal each other, but the trinity is like saying five plus one does NOT equal four plus two. con is saying that because they are all six, but look different cause of different number combinations, that this makes it okay, an apt comparison. but it doesn't cause fou plus two is just a different mode than five plus one.... but they are both six and equal each other."
"Atheists are wrong and ignorant. Eden - I don't know. But, as I said, ""It ultimately doesn't matter why.""Bad things happening - I already addressed this.If there is no God, there's no Universal moral standard, because there is no one at the very top telling us, ""Thou shalt not..."" and ""Thou shalt..."". This means we cannot determine what is ultimately good or bad. Since we wouldn't be able to do that if God doesn't exist, it cannot be used as an argument against God, because there is no waying of knowing if a problem of evil even exists.If one wants to suggest that a problem of evil does exist, they need to be able to determine what is right or wrong: Which requires God. Since you need God to even make the argument, the point refutes itself: If God exists, he knows what he is doing. Thus, there is no problem of evil, because we aren't anyone to question the actions of a perfect being, while we are imperfect."
"Jesus of Nazareth certainly existed. Hello all. I would like to debate the topic of the historical existence of Jesus Christ. I understand in the academic world the historicity of Christ is not called into question, except maybe by a few obscure scholars on the fringe. However, the existence of Christ is something that is frequently called into question in the web. Since this is an online forum for debate, I figured I shall dive right into the topic. There are a few rules though. 1. No videos I simply don't have the desire to watch videos pertaining to my opponents argument. Simply state the case in the box. 2. You must sincerely doubt the existence of Christ. Although I do believe there is a time and place for ""playing"" the other side, I would, for this particular debate be more interested in debating someone who is of the genuine position that Jesus of Nazareth did not exist. Also, keep in mind, this particular debate is just in regards to Christ's existence. His Deity and Messiahship I will save for future debates. Round one will be my opponent's opportunity to state why they believe Jesus of Nazareth did not exist, my response will be a rebuttal and a positive case for His existence. My opponent will then have a chance to rebut, so on and so forth. As always, have fun and be polite. -Doulous Christou Iesous"
"Anybody who wants the REAL news watches BBC, or foreign World News channels. You cannot prove that the networks are unbiased. I can prove they are. To destroy your upcoming 3rd round argument, I'll prove they are biased in the 4th round. I want to see what you'll say in this round, seeing as how you now have no argument except to tell me, ""How are they biased?"" which I've already said I'll explain in round 3."
"DNA Databases/Profiling. In different states, it is actually illegal to have any type of DNA profiling. But in other states, there are certain materials that are needed/required in order to be databased. For more information about this, click on the link below that will take you to the website for DNA Laws Database. After the person is databased, the company must provide certain information for proof.http://www.ncsl.org..."
"abortion should be illegal in the first trimester, but not investigated nor punished*. i already made an exception for your rape example. condom breaking. she assumed the risk the condom would break. sexual intercourse naturally leads to the possibility of pregnancy. we can take the issue into consideration, and not punish her for it. but it's still a culpable act, in principle. ""If you want to have a baby by all means proceed! If you don't, the safest way to do it is don't."" you seem to be pretty much admitting that if you don't want to risk pregnancy, you can't do it. (or at the least take the most surest fire approach. bill control pill, a condom, and pull out. almost no one goes to this degree, but they could, which shows some degree of culpability. but even that has risks in theory, so my other arguments stand. )"
"Concerns above and beyond the physical body. Because when you do decide to miss out on a few nights sleep, you're being irrational, because you knowingly are hurting your self physically, but you're still staying up. Having said so, when you can't be rational about a specific subject, someone has to step in (i.e: the government) and stop you, because as a citizen you're their responsibility. The utilitarian decision you made seems only ""legitimate"" to you, but you wouldn't know because you're causing self-inflected harm in real time, thus you're irrational, thus you're opinion is disregarded, so for example if you decide that you want to hit yourself with a hammer because you think it will send you to heaven, you should be stopped by a police officer, why? because you'd simply be too irrational thus being a danger to yourself and possibly to others. This is also one of the reasons we're not too accepting of suicide bombing, think about it, suicide bombing is a form of utilitarianism as well- should we universally deem it acceptable because outcome (paradise for the suicide bomber) justifies the means (blowing his self up)"
"KFC Abuses their chickens. ""Abuse refers to the use or treatment of something (a person, item, substance, concept, or vocabulary) that is seen as harmful. aï¿½buse (ə-byūz') pronunciation tr.v., aï¿½bused, aï¿½busï¿½ing, aï¿½busï¿½es. 1. To use wrongly or improperly; misuse: abuse alcohol; abuse a privilege. 2. To hurt or injure by maltreatment; ill-use. 3. To force sexual activity on; rape or molest. 4. To assail with contemptuous, coarse, or insulting words; revile. 5. Obsolete. To deceive or trick. 1. It is not wrong or improper to kill a chicken inhumanely. They are not human, i.e. not rational animals. The term ""Humane,"" is derived from the middle english ""Humain,"" human, i.e. behavior that is ""humane"" is behavior that is proper toward a human. This does not mean it is proper toward a chicken. 2. It is not possible to perform ""maltreatment"" upon a chicken. Chickens, you see, as nonrational creatures, have no notions of good or bad. They are not evaluative creatures, they have no values. Since ""maltreatment"" means bad treatment, and the chickens are not capable of evaluating whether treatment toward them is good or bad (no one else is qualified to judge it as ""bad"" if the chicken does not), it is not bad treatment. It may be bad toward a human, but that is immaterial toward a chicken. 3. KFC does not rape their chickens as far as I know, and if you wish to claim it, the burden of proof for the claim (and the debate for that matter) is on you. 4. KFC does not assail chickens with words, they cannot understand words, and thus are immune to any such assailment. 5. Since KFC cannot communicate with chickens, it obviously has a hard time deceiving or tricking them."
"The Adam of the bible was God Himself. I refute my opponents entire argument totally, because the creation of mankind in Genesis 1:26 is not the same as when God formed the man to til the ground in Genesis2:7. And yes I have refuted you in past rounds and you ignored the facts. Now my opponent claims the bible is false. Then please explain in your closing why do you debate the bible? Because only a fool would debate the reality of Mother Goose. I refute my opponent's claim that nothing in the bible is true. Because of the Nation of Israel and the Jewish people. If the bible is false how did it fortell Israel getting their nation back? Christian god? Christians do not follow the bible or the God written of in the scriptures. And the word omipotent means all powerful so God did exactly what He said. Your arguement is full of errors, and I see no meaning or secrets."
"God isnt real. Hello, First of all thank you for posting this debate topic, As a devout Scientologist I thoroughly enjoy spreading the wonderful word of Lord into the hearts of all who are willing to accept it. First of all Black People? Easily explained, The only purpose of black people in life is that the Gods from Uranus created them to be our inferior slaves in heaven. As quoted in the bible Genesis 3:16- ""And God said, Let all black people be a tolerable evil"". What our lord Tom Cruise means by this is that we must tolerate these stinky black people, Who else will serve us in the afterlife? Secondly your explanation for your ""devious desires"" as I'll put are also completely explainable in the words of our Lord. God is in fact a chronic masturbator (which also explains the meaning of rain but that is for another topic. ) I mean why else would it feel so God. You say ""Thus, God made me to be bad"". He didn't. A common misconception is that masturbation is bad, Its great, In fact so good for your health that the World Health Organisation recommend ""jerkin the gherkin"" approximately 69 times a day. Finally we were created from the big bang, The Big Bang rather than being a purely scientific event was actually God getting a bad case of diarrhea and sh*t all of us out. As the lord describes in the Pokemon Go Trainer Guide Book : ""Cr*p that was a big one, Better get some more meth to deal with it. "" Once again thank you for this opportunity and God bless, Let the Lord penetrate you, With his thrusting words and wisdom. God Bless."
"The KLINGTONGS show their stripes by trying to DISENFRANCHISE Obama Voters 6 days before NV Caucus !. Clearly Solarman1969 has no response or cannot come up with a credited response in this debate. WRONG Clearly the Clintons are smearing Obama left and right,and trying everything to get their power back All you have to do is watch the day to day news and you democrat types will become DISGUSTED with the way the Clinton machine treats Obama GO OBAMA! Slay the Evil KLINGTONGS!"
"Resolved: It is both better and more rational to worship the stars than the Judeo-Christian God. Before I even begin with definitions, do not take this debate if you are Calvin_Cambridge, Kohai, ScarletGhost, Samian96, or Darknes. Definitions: Stars: Massive, luminous ball of plasma held together by gravity. Better: Morally superior, preferable. Rational: In accordance with reason. Burden of Proof: The BoP will be shared. Con cannot win just by poking holes in my vase, he must build his own that worshipped God is both better and more rational. Think of it as a tug of war: Con must build his own case and argue effectively for the win rather than the entire burden being on me."
"we should eat cows without feeling the guilt and sympathy. No I did not mean by that. By the way this is not what we talking about. Lets imagine if human does not exist, I would blieve that cows will still exist. but human is not the only spcie that consume beef. So do the tigrs and lions. Your idea infact reinforce my statmnt that there is no moral issue involved in this circumstance. if human dont eat them, other animals will. this issue is simple. that what i am trying to say is cows are meant to be eaten by us. If it is meant to b, then we should not feel guilty. However in dog senario human dont usually at dog meat, then it becomes questionale."
"security > liberty. I accept my opponent's challenge. I intend to show that not only is liberty greater than security, but also that liberty and security from the governing body go hand in hand; conversely, the more rights and freedoms you surrender, the less secure you become. 1.) The Freedom of Speech The freedom of speech is highly important to maintaining a secure and free system of government. What would happen if we made just a slight compromise such as throwing people in jail for treason over ""traitorous"" speech. That sounds reasonable doesn't it? We can't have people saying things that might stir up a rebellion. Such a compromise is detrimental to the freedom and security of citizens. Suddenly, it becomes illegal to suggest impeaching the President. Any support shown to militias ( militias are constitutional ) would be classified as ""aiding an enemy"". The government would have the foothold they needed to begin eroding other rights. 2.) The Right to Bear Arms The Second Amendment guarantees citizens of the United States of America the right to own and carry firearms. Although firearms are highly regulated, let's make a new provision that each and every firearm should be registered by the owner anytime the weapon changes hands. Doesn't sound to harmful does it? Once the federal government knows where all the guns are that means they could confiscate all the guns. The Second Amendment is there for the protection of citizens, wether they need to protect themselves from criminals or their own government. Such a small infringement as listed above would endanger that right. I hope I have made it clear how easily rights can be jeopardized by the slightest ""compromise"". I apologize for the delayed argument. I have had a very busy few days."
"The term ""Rape Culture"" is not beneficial to society. I strongly believe that sexual objectification of women/men and victim blaming is highly unethical and should not be practised in society. Rape is something that is so very sensitive and highly impactful both physically and psychologically on the victim. Blaming the victim by saying that ""He/She was asking for it"" or ""Boys will be boys"" is not only irrevocably detrimental to that individual but it is also severe gender policing. RAPE is NOT something that should be NORMALIZED. It needs to be eradicated because it is an unthinkable crime against humanity. It is monstrous and tolerating or even condoning a heinous act such as this is preposterous."
"In the criminal justice system, more emphasis should be put on retribution than rehabilitation. I welcome Con as my opponent. Without further ado, I shalt begin building my case. Definitions: Crime: an illegal act for which someone can be punished by the government.Felony: a crime for which the punishment in federal law may be death or imprisonment for more than one year.Capital Punishment: the death penalty for crime. Recidivism: a tendency to relapse into a previous condition or mode of behavior;especially : relapse into criminal behaviorCite: Merraim Webster Before I begin on my case, I will state a fact. I am arguing for the punishment of criminals who have commited Felonies such as:-Murder-Rape-Armed Robbery-Arson-Illegal Drug Sales-Kidnapping-Treason-Income Tax EvasionCase: - Incarciration and rehabilitation often fail, execution does not. According to a study carried out by the National Institute of Justice themselves, the current rates of Recidivism are currently very high in America.To quote: ""Bureau of Justice Statistics studies have found high rates of recidivism among released prisoners. One study tracked 404,638 prisoners in 30 states after their release from prison in 2005.[1] The researchers found that: Within three years of release, about two-thirds (67.8 percent) of released prisoners were rearrested. Within five years of release, about three-quarters (76.6 percent) of released prisoners were rearrested. Of those prisoners who were rearrested, more than half (56.7 percent) were arrested by the end of the first year. Property offenders were the most likely to be rearrested, with 82.1 percent of released property offenders arrested for a new crime compared with 76.9 percent of drug offenders, 73.6 percent of public order offenders and 71.3 percent of violent offenders."" Cite: http://www.nij.gov...- Time in prison just makes criminals worse.While in prison, a harmless criminal can become indroctrinated and trained by more violent ones. Hereby rendering the thought of using prisons as rehabilitation facilities mute. - What gives someone the right to kill and live? No human has the right to unjustly take a life or victimize another without suffering consequences equal to or greater than their actions inflicted. That is a fact. If they were somehow given that right, what forbids the Victim or the Victim's Family from pursueing vengance? Or even a Purge like scenrio becoming common place? - Executions should be cheaper.As it stands now, it costs approximately $90,000 to house an inmate on death row and the state of Califronia alone spends $250 Million on every execution. According to a study conducted by the Los Angeles Times in 2005, this is around $114 Million dollars more than the cost of keeping a criminal imprisioned for life. Cite: http://www.deathpenalty.org...For the price of twenty American dollars, I can buy a length of rope and execute a criminal. This alone would save taxpayers millions."
"Biologically Immortal Humans. There are immortalized cell lines. Most of them are cancerous cells, such as the HeLa cells which has an active version of telomerase. This prevents the shortening of the telomere, which protects the ends of the chromosome. If such results can be reproduced on a normal cell without the tumorous side-effects, we then would be able to create biologically immortal humans. There is nothing immoral with being immortal. In the case where it is considered immoral, depending on the reason given, can always be shown to be immaterial. Perhaps the reason for doing so would be overpopulation. Would not this provide a very great motivation to colonize other planets? Yes, certainly, there would be fighting, but there is already fighting, and there will be as long as there are humans. If there is nothing immoral with this, we should not intervene. In a disruptive way, at least."
"God Probably Exists. I was planning on taking a break from DDO, but since the semester is just about done, I’d be happy to have a go at this debate. Just to clarify, I will be arguing that “God probably does not exist,” and the burden of proof is shared. I’m fine with this. I have one point for clarification; are we talking about a specific God (as is suggested by your use of a capital “G” in “God”), or are we discussing the concept about gods in general?"
"Vaccines are beneficial. Con shall be arguing vaccines harm more than help. (Amount of people sick/injured/killed) Rules: No linking to whale.to, naturalnews, blogs, un-scientific studies, anecdotal evidence, or online polls. If you do link to these, there is a 6-million point deduction. Also, if Con says ""Big pharma"" or anything like that (All your evidence is fake because Big Pharma Changed the results!) he shall lose the debate. Graphs and charts are welcome Oh and Vaccines do not cause autism. You may argue this, but you will lose. Just becuase vaccines and autism rises does not mean there is a link. Con may state his argument in round one And con? Good luck"
"The God Of the Christian Bible is perfect. I'm always down to wrestle with God =)=======Resolution=======Resolved: The God Of the Christian Bible is perfect. As con, I will be negating this resolution. =======Burden of Proof=======Although Pro should technically have the BOP here, I will accept it for this debate as it's far less time-consuming for me to point out one contradiction than it is for Pro to go over and reconcile the entirety of the bible. Therefore, for this debate, God is assumed to be perfect unless I show otherwise. =======Definitions=======God: The Abrahamic God in the Christian bible. Perfect: Flawless and completely consistentGod's Law: The ten commandments [1]=======Arguments============Wence Cometh Evil? =====Given the incredibly short character count of this debate, I will keep my arguments short for this round. In fact, I will only be making one argument right now; the riddle of Epicurus. “Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent. Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent. Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil? Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God? ” Epicurus – Greek philosopher, BC 341-270The implications here are obvious. Pro must show where evil comes from and why God allows it to existI look forward to your response.1. . http://www.copiosa.org..."
"Herd Effect is Pointless. The herd effect argues that if enough members of a population are vaccinated from a certain disease, than all non-vaccinated will be protected from the disease as they will have such a low possibility of coming with the disease that it can be classified as nearly impossible. The big problem with this argument is that if vaccination is made compulsory and everyone is made to receive it, who is left un-vaccinated to benefit from the Herd Effect? If government force vaccinations on everyone, then everyone is thus vaccinated. Who then would be un-vaccinated and benefit from the herd effect? I am aware that is the US there are certain religious or philosophical reasons why a person can be considered exempt from compulsory immunization; these people would benefit from the herd effect, however this is not truly compulsory immunization. A distinction should be made, otherwise the argument of the ehrd effect is counter-intuitive."
"I Will lose this Debate. Since my opponent has conceded the debate it is true that he will most likely lose the debate however this debate isn't about likelihood. This debate is about absoloute facts. Since my opponent is making the claim the 'I' in the resolution almost certainly refers to him. He states that he will lose the debate. The resolution offers no explanation regarding if we are basing it off probability or not. Since this reolution creates a paradox the winner of the debate is never guaranteed. I do not have to argue that I will lose the debate, my burden merely requirs me to prove that there isn't a 100% chance that my opponent will lose the debate. The resolution creates a paradox and as a result it is quite possible that votes will remain neutral and this debate will end a tie. Assuming that voters do not vote on this debate and voters are not obliged to vote on every debate it is not guaranteed that my opponent will lose. If my opponent does lose that does not mean that they have met their burden. Their burden requires them to prove that they will lose for a 100% fact at this point in time. Voters cannot vote for him because his prediction was correct. They should only vote for him if he can justify why there is a 100% chance that he will lose the debate."
"It is very unlikely that any extraterrestrial organisms would be humanoid as depicted in pop culture. Pro mentioned that intelligent creatures ""need to develop a spoken and written vocabulary like humans."" He mentions a few semi-intelligent organisms, particularly the octopus. I would say that if an octopus-like creature ever did evolve to be space faring, it would first develope land-dwelling capability, and thus legs and hands. It wouldn't need it's extra limbs, and would eventually lose them in the evolutionary chain (due to them being a hinderance)."
"The Big-bang is a good theory. First, I am not going to argue all of Pro's points because I'm going to stop using this debate site. I just don't have the time. But I would like to say a few thing about Pro's argument. About the sun, He says that because the study of the sun shrinking was first done in 1869 that it does not apply. Clapeyron -- discovered entropy - 1834 Fizeau -- measured the speed of light - 1849 Herschel -- discovered the existence of infrared and of radiant heat - 1800 Joule -- discovered the First Law of Thermodynamics - 1843 Ritter -- discovered ultraviolet rays - 1801 Thomas Young -- proposed the theory of light and colours - 1801 --------> http://wiki.answers.com... So I guess we cannot accept any of these either? Oh and best of all.....Darwin -- published ""Origin of Species"" and gave us the Theory of Evolution - 1859. Looks like you can't trust the theory of evolution because it was originally composed in the 1800's. Also Pro says ""Taking a measurement of the sun at any two given points and ASSUMING A CONSTANT RATE of change is like looking at the ocean as the tide goes out and concluding that 10,000 years ago, the sea level must have been somewhere in the stratosphere."" I agree that assuming a constant rate is not scientific, but Pro does the exact same thing! Later he says ""An isotope's half life is the amount of time it takes for half of the original material to decay into another isotope. With this knowledge, by measuring the ratio of parent isotope to daughter isotope found in a sample, we can determine the sample's age"" Right there Pro is ASSUMING A CONSTANT RATE of decay. He is ASSUMING that the half life has been the same throughout history. Radiometric dating is completely based on assumptions, yet Pro claims that ""it can prove that the earth is several billion years old"". And without radiometric dating there is no evidence for millions of years. Therefore, saying that the big bang happened 13.75 billion years ago is a faith statement. As as all evolutionist know very well, faith cannot be a part of science."
"Protecting endangered species protects the interests of humans. Protecting endangered species helps protect humans: Humans actually benefit in a large number of ways from the protection of endangered species and thus continuing biodiversity. Firstly, the diversity of life and living systems is considered by many scientists to be a necessary condition for human development. We live in a world built on a carefully balanced ecosystem in which all species play a role, and the removal of species from this can cause negative consequences for the whole ecosystem, including humans.[1] There is also the potential for almost any species to hold currently-unknown future benefits to humans through products they could provide. One example of this is the scrub mint, an endangered plant species which has been found to contain an anti-fungal agent and a natural insecticide, and thus holds great potential for use that benefits humans.[2] Endangered species have also been known to hold the key to medical breakthroughs which save human lives.  One example of this is the Pacific yew (a tree species) which became the source of taxol, one of the most potent anticancer compounds ever discovered.[3] Biodiversity also helps protect humans in that different species' differing reactions to ecological problems may in fact act as a kind of 'early warning' system of developing problems which may one day negatively affect people. This was the case with the (now banned) dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT) pesticide, as the deterioration of the bald eagle and the peregrine falcon through their exposure to DDT in fact alerted humans to the potential health hazards of this pesticide, not just to animals but also to humans.[4] Thus the preservation of endangered species helps to protect humans, as this means plants and animals continue to play their specific role in the world's ecosystem which humans rely on, can act as an 'early warning' for problems which may affect humans, and may hold the key to scientific and medical breakthroughs which can greatly benefit humanity. Al this could be lost through the careless extinction of plant and animal species. [1] Ishwaran, N., & Erdelen, W. “Biodiversity Futures”, Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment, 3[4]. May 2005 http://www.jstor.org/pss/3868449 [2] Wilcove, D. S., & Master L. L. “How Many Endangered Species are there in the United States?”. Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment, 3[8]. October 2008. http://www.jstor.org/pss/3868674 [3] Wilcove, D. S., & Master L. L. “How Many Endangered Species are there in the United States?”. Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment, 3[8]. October 2008. http://www.jstor.org/pss/3868674 [4] Wilcove, D. S., & Master L. L. “How Many Endangered Species are there in the United States?”. Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment, 3[8]. October 2008. http://www.jstor.org/pss/3868674"
"MasterChief from the Halo series, could beat Boba Fett, from Starwars. In this debate I argue that the Halo series Masterchief(Also known as John-117) could beat Boba Fett from Starwars, in a fight to the death. I will be defending Masterchief The area: A desert, about 3 miles around. They cannot exit the playing field. The weapons: For Masterchief I will say his Assault Rifle, a Sniper Rifle, a Magnum, and for the purposes of this debate, we will say they both have infinite ammo for guns, since specifying ammo for both characters would be to complicated. As for support, Masterchief will have one Bubble shield, and four frag grenades, four plasma grenades, four spike grenades, and four fire grenades. If we allow armor abilities, I will choose armor lock. He will also be equipped with a combat knife. This round is for acceptance, and for my opponent to decide what weapons Boba will have. He may also say what he thinks Masterchief should/shouldn't be allowed to use, and ask questions he/she may have about this debate. There is no ships allowed, and no allies. Here are some links for information on both characters: Masterchief: http://halo.wikia.com... Boba Fett: http://starwars.wikia.com... For info in general about Masterchief's weapons, search them here: http://halo.wikia.com..."
"Spanking is child abuse. The only argument you have made is ""no one has the right to touch someone else with out consent"" and how can I debate with out an opponent who can't tell me reasons why they are right. So, far you have only stayed on one reason. So, in order for me to state my reasons I must bring in other information and never once did I get off topic. Spanking is a punishment not child abuse and is disappointing that people older than me do not know this."
"The Exodus as Described in the Torah Did Not Historically Occur. It is an acceptance round as I have now begun to specifically discuss the exodus. Also it's religious COSMOLOGY that INCLUDES the occurring of the exodus that's why it simplifies into then specifically talking about the exodus. As you said whether it's the fundamentalist Christian version or the Islamic version. I am eager to refute that it did not happen that's why I did not want to be shunned away through ""comments"". Remember I'm coming from the angle of Islamic cosmology being real not mainstream science and their band of wacky archeologists. Allah exists. How successful has Islam been throughout history. Prayers are answered all the time time not to mention the bounty of oil the Arabs were blessed with after being a struggling peoples saved from bedouin lifestyles. It's a blessing that inclines toward seeking from Allah being what helps and has a point to it. The Qur'an is all to do with invoking for blessings. It works. So Islam has a respectable look upon it. It's valued. Whether it's claims are to do with being cursed or being gifted...it works. The world is not as mainstream scientists say. Sidelined scientists argue for physics such as idealism. The respectable claims of Islam say the world is flat. It also says that the exodus happened. What are you going to support, mainstream sciences archeologists or respectable Islam's teachings."
"vegetarian school lunches. I feel that High school and JH's should feature something other than meats drenched in sauce, ketchup, oils, and salt. Many schools, still are based on the fact that a child will at meat if there is nothing else, or they suppose that you will pack your own lunch if you don't eat meat. I sit with 2 vegetarians at my lunch table and for a week and a half they had nothing but meats in our lunch lines. Now I don't think that they should be able to provide a lunch for kids who cant eat peanut butter, but not for vegetarians. I leave the rest up to my opponent to make an argument, Thank you."
"Nationalism empowers political movements that lead to excess, corruption and violence. Leadership r... Nationalism empowers political movements that lead to excess, corruption and violence. Leadership regimes that are politically and economically corrupt, such as the National Salvation Front of Romania, Communist China, Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe, and North Korea, exploit existing senses of nationalism to disguise the fact that they mismanage and oppress their countries. They use nationalism as an irrational base of support for irrational policies. The people would do more to change their regimes if their minds were not clouded by emotionally-charged feelings of nationalism."
"""ADHD"" is no more than misunderstood children, parenthood problems and a bad society. The argument is ADHD isn't real, but a social construct to explain energetic children. This does not account for the fact that those diagnosed with ADHD usually have a relative who was also diagnosed. It is also statistically accurate to say that families who don't have a history of ADHD have a lower chance of having offspring with it. This means that not only is it real, but it is also genetic. My second point is the chemical differences in the ADHD brain VS the non-ADHD brain. It has been proven that there are chemical differences, and I will provide a link as proof. http://www.researchgate.net... Thank you"
"Zidane vs Ronaldo. Zidane was a soccer player from 1988 to 2006 (a period of 18 years) and scored a total of 95 goals along with 31 goals for France in World Cup and Euro Cup Play Ronaldo on the other hand is a soccer player who still plays today but started only back in 2001 (2001 to today is a period of about 10 years) in that time he has scored a total of 170 goals along with 43 goals for Portugal in World Cup and Euro Cup play.... So Ronaldo, in a career that has lasted around half as long as Zidane, has scored almost twice as much as Zidane has in seasonal play and 1.5 times as much in tournament play. Keep in mind he has been in the pro soccer leagues 8 years SHORTER than Zidane yet he already has almost twice as many goals scored as him... Zidane = 506 seasonal appearances Ronaldo = 298 seasonal appearances So now keep in mind that even though Ronaldo has been in 200 LESS games than Zidane has, Ronaldo has still scored nearly twice as much as Zidane has. Goals / Appearances = average goals per game... Zidane: 95 / 506 = 0.1877, or 1 goal every 5.30 games, Ronaldo: 170 / 298 = 0.5705, or 1 goal every 1.75 games, 5.30 / 1.75 = (average number of games Zidane needs to score 1 goal / average number of games Ronaldo needs to score 1 goal) = 3.02 So not only has Ronaldo scored far more goals in half the time Zidane has ever scored in his career, or that Ronaldo has half the appearances in games and has still beaten Zidane in goals scored, but Ronaldo's average number of games needed to score a goal is 3x better than Zidane's was.... Even though that is enough to sink this argument right now, i will bring up one more point. Ronaldo = 0 headbutts of opposing players during world cup play that caused him to be kicked out and then was not available to kick penalty shots in the final game of the world cup costing his team the win. Zidane = 1 headbutts of opposing players during world cup play that caused him to be kicked out and then was not available to kick penalty shots in the final game of the world cup costing his team the win. I'll end for here now. http://en.wikipedia.org... http://en.wikipedia.org..."
"The Sith have a better and more realistic philosophy then the Jedi. Okay, I agree that emotions do play a major role on peoples morals, however maybe the Jedi reject impulsive emotions that make justice unreachable otherwise. Jedi did indeed kill Sith in cold blood, but doesn't this coincide with the Sith philosophy: Through strength I gain power, through power victory"" The Sith happened to be a rival power and didn't coincide with jedi philosophy, but they did do these horrible crimes. As for the Sith not accepting their flaws, this is both true and false on certain levels, on floor one of the Department of Sith Philosophy, by improving their skill and improving shows that they accept that they have flaws,but continue to improve on them. On floor two, however yes they don't accept that their flaws affect them, cause them to do things rashly and they tend to not think on the flaws at all."
"Abortion is murder. Here are my responses to two of my own statements, which have been questioned by my opponent and by spectators of this debate. ""Abortion fits this description in the sense that abortion is deliberate on the part of the abortion clinic and of the woman."" In Round 2, I quoted the OED definition of the word ""murder."" The OED states that murder is ""the deliberate and unlawful killing of a human being, especially in a premeditated sense."" My opponent has pointed out that abortion is legal in most countries, however, abortion is still unlawful under all circumstances in Chile, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, and Nicaragua, and Malta (Wikipedia). This contradicts con when he says, ""[Is abortion] unlawful? Well, abortion is legal. Which is to say that abortion is permitted by law. So, no, abortion is not unlawful."" When con said, ""Abortion is legal,"" without distinguishing that abortion is illegal in certain areas, we can assume that he intended to say, ""Abortion is universally legal,"" meaning that abortion is not illegal in any part of the world. However, as I have just stated, several countries have banned abortion under all circumstances. Since a large part of con's argument is based upon the fact that abortion is legal and can therefore cannot be classified as murder, and since it has been established that abortion is indeed illegal in several countries, we must move on to the next point. ""Since the fetus, which is an organism, was created by humans, the fetus is technically human."" Con has compared the status of a fetus as a human to that of an acorn as an oak tree. He has stated that an acorn is not an oak tree, but is an oak tree in development. I will respond to this analogy with an analogy of my own. Imagine that there is a cake baking in the oven. Now, we refer to the confection baking in the oven as a cake, even though the confection is still in the process of being developed in the oven by means of heat. Now imagine that the oven is a metaphor for the womb, and the cake is a metaphor for a fetus. Would that change the fact that a fetus is a human? I will also remind you of how Abraham Lincoln pointed out that if we were to regard a sheep's tail as a leg, the sheep would still have only four legs. This means that if we were to call an object something that it isn't, we do not change what it is. If we were to consider a fetus something other than a human, we do not change the fact that it is a human. Let us go back to the definition of murder, ""the deliberate and unlawful killing of a human being, especially in a premeditated manner."" I have established that abortion is deliberate, unlawful, results in the death of a human being, and is premeditated. Therefore, abortion is murder."
"There is Nothing Wrong With Pornography. Note: My adversary just offered his closing remarks without rebuttals, so I will assume mine remain uncontested and he himself accepts that porn can indirectly cause harm.Again let us look at the title.""There is nothing wrong with pornography""My adversary is not claiming that there is nothing ""morally wrong with watching pornography"" or "" There is no objective reason to believe porn is wrong"". This is not his resolution and both of these claims do not apply to this debate. He must abide by his resolution. I have shown multiple ways in which pornography can have a negative effect on people. If anyone one of these claims is shown to be true, then there is ""something wrong"" with pornography. Perhaps if he chose a better resolution he would have been able to defend this. With this current resolution, it is sadly impossible to defend. There is no way to claim there is ""nothing"" wrong with (x). That is dependent on a persons perception and submits itself to a query of questions and facts. He could have verily easily argued the fact that it is morally permissible to watch, but again that is not the case.His resolution is impossible to uphold."
"This video shows some pretty weird stuff like it or not. It's pretty easy to contrive a coincidence. Kids in suburban white America look a lot alike, and I've often mistaken my little brother for one of his friends. About the numbers, some of them don't line up. One related video mentioned that Star Wars is satanic, and one satanic number mentioned is 322, awfully close to one important number in Star Wars, 327... but no cigar. There are also debating theories, one of which is that the children were sacrificed to Satan, in which case they wouldn't still be here. I don't trust people offering ""secret truths"" that can't be reconciled. Also, some people misspeak, but people often do that in traumatic times like those. A lot of the ""leads"" offered in the videos are awfully shaky and most are easily explainable away with mundane explanations. But above all, never explain with a great conspiracy what can be explained by human stupidity. Even more importantly, it's awfully hard to fake emotion and those parents looked pretty genuine."
"We are nearing an apocalypse (mass global destruction). Throughout history, civilizations have risen and fallen. The Dark Ages were not considered to be an apocalypse, although the one you suggest is impending would not be so different. Even if war were to break out on a sufficient scale to destroy most of civilization, it would still survive along with technology in small pockets, and as long as nuclear weapons were not used in excess, these pockets would quickly expand to form new civilizations. The use of nuclear weapons would not benefit anyone, and since the US has superior nuclear capabilities, any other nuclear powers would have a severe disadvantage in a nuclear war, and would consequently be reluctant to use nuclear weapons. Russian aggression and suboptimal relations between the US and China are nothing new. The Cold War was ended without WWIII breaking out, and relations between the US, China, and Russia were far more strained during that period. China depends on the US consumer market for economic growth and stability, and this would be more than sufficient incentive not to engage in any direct military conflict with the United States. Russia's economy and population are shrinking, and their ability to do any damage is becoming increasingly limited. Conditions today are far less conducive to WWIII than they were during the Cold War, and since there was no global destruction then, it wouldn't be rational to assume we are approaching such an event now."
"Rap battle. My rap: Here you are, asking people to rap wondering whether or not they'll think you're crap But, in your heart, you know its true aint nobody give a f*ck about you .....and your silly little account losing debates, tryna get votes recount Thinking your rap god but you just a sucka sucking a fat rod you aint a rapper livin' it up in the ritz you just a sh**ty eminem, living on benefits Comeback at me, b**ch boy better be prepared coz last night your mommy was certainly scared she feared for your life bro, thinking i was gonna break you but you're not your mom, so i just didnt want to And Im sorry to to tell you, you're career aint sh*t tryna be a rapper on debate.org, just not the right fit I wish well for you tho, youve come a long way since you started unfortunately, none of your sad crappy rap songs have charted P.S (read in an american accent)"
"Students are not referred to as Sir, Mister, or Ms., Miss, or Ma'am. Students should not be referred to by these terms. The terms are socially respected so as to be regarded to those with more life experience than us.It is a term of respect that says ""hey you've lived longer than I so you probably know better than I and I respect that dawg; I think that's pretty hip."" That's why we should not refer to students using these terms and that is why we should refer to adults with these terms."
"Gays should not get married. ""However, because of this corrupt society, it is affecting them negatively also."" This is paradoxical logic. The whole point of the LGBT movement is to convince people that being gay is just a variation, not a mental disorder. At child centers, children are raised in a mass situation. They never experience being in a small home, given the toys and tools that most kids take foor granted. It is a rough life, even if they do get the bare necessities. There is a difference between being gay and being a pedophile/incest/bestiality. A child may not fully understand the consequences of sex, while two consenting gays do. A horse doesn't even understand the human LANGUAGE, let alone human sex. When you fall in love with your sister, you have the potential to produce biological kids with defects. Since gays can't produce biological children at all, it is no more harmful to society than being forever alone. Besides, gays are a part of society. In the past, famines, wars, and diseases were much more common than they are today. When it came to reproduction, all hands were on deck, and producing 7 children per mother. Otherwise, society would crumble. Now, with more food, more cures, and less war, populations are increasing at a steep rate. Now only 2 children per mother are needed, and that number is as a whole. That means, if some mothers have more than 2 children, it is okay for other people to not have any at all. You should really set longer debate times."
"Smoking should be banned. Because one debate did not get accepted by him, this debate will go to fire_wings. Because I use a phone, there will be no sources in this debate. StructureArgumentsRebuttalsDefenseConclusionFrameworkBecause I hear mostly BoP is on Pro, so BoP is on me. Today's topic is Smoking Ban, and I will be Pro. Arguments1. Seconhand SmokingBecause of the pollution in smoking, many people who do not smoke innocently die because of the bad smoke in their lungs. So, if we ban smoking, these innocent people will have no need to die. I really want to site a source, but I can't, so I will just say that Over 500,000 thousand children died from secondhand smoking in one year.2. Bad for your healthSmoking makes smoke pollution. Smokers and non-smokers die because of bad lungs, and heart attacks. With a ban, There will not be lots of lung diseases and heart attacks."
D-Day had no effect on the outcome of WWII. I know D-Day was in France but it also took part in Italy as well. So Fascist strongholds in France would still exsist so thus meaning that German Conscripts would still be alive so reinforcements would be more abundant. Yes defeats in the Eastern Front helped greatly in the Fascist defeat but D-Day opens Europe to foreign forces to invade. With out UK & American soldiers the Rhine and the low countries would still be held by Fascists and give Soviet forces a harder time by pushing through the east when the Fascists have backed up & reinforced west to bring more supplies and strongholds so the soviets would still take Berlin but they would than have to fight in the west too. The soviet military had the largest causalites so the battle of Berlin was one of the bloodiest battles of the war the soviets would be exhausted and moral would than with low moral and soldiers would have to fight more in the west and the Fascist armies would be well rested have better defences for being in the home land and building on it for several years and the soviets would have to fight this. It wouldn't be a good strategic or tactical descion for a military attack. They would be outnumbered and have low moral and ammunition and defences.
"Gay's shouldnt be discriminated against and should have there fundemental rights to marrige. Homophobic ideals are wrong. All are equal. Our motto support this ""Out of many One"" and again I must point out how far we have come as a country and how over time our views have become closer to equality. First the Black civil rights, then women's rights. We accepted them as they are also human equals. Now there is Gay Rights and we are so close to equality. We must allow homosexuals to be equal as they are. Additionally the bible does not oppose homosexuality it supports it. Here is evidence from a credible source: http://www.religioustolerance.org... My opponent also failed to respond to my arguments. Also what Is his Topicality? Homophobic ideals and laws along with other discriminatory ones are not topical. All of this covered I would like to conclude why you should vote for Pro and Support Gays getting there rights to marry and that homophobics dicriminating against them should not be tolerated. There is nothing wrong with homosexuality and Con has failed to debate me"
"Anime Inspires. My opponent fails to understand the topic he is arguing for. His resolution states that ""EVERYONE IS INSPIRED BY ANIME"" not ""Every one has the potential to be inspired"" Of course there's a potential for everyone to be inspired but the debate is irelevant to that. You argued that everyone is. not every could be. Therefor all my original points still stand. Furthermore, there are 7billion people. it is impossible for everyone to have seen anime otherwise it would be the biggest television networking availabe. Furthermore i will be adding on to the list of people who are not inspired by anime-Children between the ages of 1-4 who are unable to understand inspiration. -Severely mentally retarded people.-Tribes in Papa New Guinea, Africa, South america who have no ties to modern civilization.Of course everyone has the potential to see anime, however my opponent has argued that everyone is inspired by it. Which is completely untrue."
"What is God's intentions. The Bible begins saying: In the begining, God created the heavens and the earth. and he saw this was good. But why? Why was it good?? Why did God create the Earth, why did he create people. Imagine your God, why would you make the heavens and the Earth? For something to.. do? Is mankind entertaining? Is that why he made a world... and he watches us all from above? For something to do instead of floating meaninglessly in a mass of darkness? He gave us free will, and now he watches us all, seeing how we live, how we act. Must be much better than TOTAL DARKNESS. There is so much more pain in the world than good. Explain why God wouldnt help us... he watches us... he can hear us. Why doesnt he show himself? Imagine being in God's shoes. This world must be something really fun to watch... watching what we do, how we live, must be extraordinary. See this from my point of view? Now debate, what are your thoughts? Is God really good? If he is... why the hell did he make us??"
"the evil within. What's the rules, April fools, skkkkrt skkk skkkkrt, i am the evil one, you are jus jealous, over zealous, you cannot defeat me, I be the power, everytime my hour. Ya mouth sour, why?.. cos you swallow, ya Face - hollow. Alls you do is follow. You no leader, I'm king, king of everything... You're welcome"
"The American Revolution was justified. Alright, your numbers do make more sense now. Still, out of the Thirteen Colonies, assuming the high number of 33% for the loyalist population, and accepting your number of only 1/3 of the population in open rebellion that would leave 1/3 undecided at the beginning of the War. Many of that undecided 1/3 made up their mind after word came home that redcoats were firing on colonists. At that point you needed to pick a side. As far as the Acadians in Canada they had only tenuous connections to the colonies. They were a relatively recent acquisition of the Crown and were ruled without any representation whatsoever. For the most part they were French and neutral. They had no business if Englishmen wanted to kill Englishmen. ""Also when the revolution started heating up, London declared any slave that could make it to British controlled soil would be free."" This was clearly a war measure. No other slaves would be freed in the Empire by order of the government until the 1830's. If you can cut the legs out from under your opponents economy during a war most nations take advantage of it. As for Lincoln, the Emancipation Proclamation is in large part celebrated because it committed to the Union to the abolition of slavery. This would lead to the 13th Amendment banning involuntary servitude in the United States. This is another debate for another time. I covered a lot more ground than taxes, didn't even really spend all that much time on them. The vice-admiralty courts, the Massachusetts Government Act, and the lack of colonial representation are much more important. Taxes were simply the root of the controversy because they were the means by which the British government attempted to assert control over the colonies. As far as the altruism of the British government was the not reason the Ohio was closed to settlement. The lack of funds in the Treasury to provide military defenses for the new colonists was. During the conquest of both the Indian Subcontinent and Britain's African colonies the British never sneezed at using military force to achive their goals. To assert that the Ohio River Valley would have remained closed to white occupation for very long is doubtful. There was certainly more at stake and behind the motivation for the American Revolution or any other. The circumstances are far more complex. I won't attempt to argue that American conduct during or after the Revolution was perfect, or even close to perfect. To assert that the Revolution was unjustified though, that is a sweeping claim to make."
"That it is rightfully moral and just to kill one innocent person to save many innocent persons. Hello, I am a public forum debater that decided to take on a Lincoln Douglas topic. Remember that Lincoln Douglas is about morality and acceptance in society so don't count on little tubs of evidence to win. :) Accept if you want a good debate about morality. Best of luck and may the best debater win. Think about this scenario - a terrorist wants to bomb a building. He prepares the bomb puts it inside and makes a detonator which he is running with( because let's say you are a police man and you caught him. ) He tosses he detonator in the bushes and runs away. Suddenly a little boy walks up and starts playing with it trying to push the button. There are 200 people inside the building. Is it rightfully moral and just to shoot the little boy to save the 200 people? Yes, it is. Think about it if you're the policeman. Its a very difficult decision to make but you haven't got much time and there are 200 people inside that building. One life against 200. This is acceptable because we must think of the greater good. If you shoot the little boy you will be saving 200 lives. People with families. Yes, it would be tragedy for the family of this boy, but how much more of a tragedy if 200 others are dead."
"The Extraterrestrial Hypothesis for the UFO phenomenon should be taken seriously. Thanks to my opponent for offering an interesting topic, and I hope I can offer you a good debate.With respect to my opponent opening statements. I would gather that he will be trying to prove why we should take UFO sightings as serious science as some of these sightings come from ""sufficiently qualified and credible witnesses"". As such it is my opponents burden of proof to provide evidence for these sightings.In statement 1 you said the stakes are high. I think everyone would agree with that, but we need verifiable scientific evidence. It is necessary that this evidence is presented before science takes this seriously otherwise it falls outside of the scientific method.(1) If their is a phenomena and we attribute it to a UFO, then we need evidence of a UFO to make this claim valid.Further I would like to ask my opponent the following questions. In the second statement my opponent stated that it is logical to assume that if other intelligent beings exist ""they have likely been here much longer than we have, and it would not be inconceivable that they have explored and/or colonized much of the galaxy."" This is a statement that has no evidence, and as such I would like my opponent to present the evidence for this. I see no reason why it is logical to assume that if other intelligent life existed that they would be an older civilization than us.My opponent also stated that ""Our electromagnetic emissions and atomic detonations would likely be quite detectable by any such civilization, and may spark their interest."" Absolutely, and this is why the SETI project has been around since 1969 and has not come up with anything similar.(2,3) We are searching for alien life and we have not found it, so why would an alien race find our signals?I hand the debate back to my opponent.(1) http://teacher.nsrl.rochester.edu...(2) http://en.wikipedia.org...(3) http://setiathome.berkeley.edu..."
"Winter is better than Summer. I will define Winter and Summer as follows:Summer-- the period from the summer solstice (usually June 20 or 21 in the Northern Hemisphere) to the autumn equinox [1]. Winter-- The period from the Winter solstice to the next equinox [2]. I will be doing this from the Season schedule in the U. S. A. I add these facts because my opponent didn't these specifics are vital. Contention 1: Growing SeasonI will be conducting this debate with the utilitarian point of view. In otherwards I will be defending summer as more useful then winter or that summer causes more happiness then winter. This first contention will be in defense of Summer because it is the growing season in which we grow all the crops that we either sell or keep to ourselves to use [3]. However, Winter does not have any particular usefulness in this area since most pants die. Contention 2: Vacation. Summer is the the time when most schools let out for three months thus, the majority of students are made happiung by this, and summer becomes a season of joy and free time away from academics. Contention 3: Girls and clothing. This last contention will be from the stand point of guys or the male half of the human species becoming more happier in summer then anyother part of the year. This is due to the temperature increase in summer. The female half of our species become more hot and therefore, where less clothing and the change becomes attractive to the men and boys. This increase in happiness isin half the population of Earth means Summer is better then Winter since winter means women put on more clothing to stay warm. I will now await my opponent's response. Sources[1]. http://en.wikipedia.org...[2]http://en.wikipedia.org...[3]http://en.wikipedia.org..."
"PETA is bad. I would agree with you farm animals should be allowed to be kept, but I disagree with your later statements. PETA is an organization: a group of people. They themselves don't take care of animals, they just fight for animal rights. I don't know where the information you gathered about animals dying in PETA's care came from, considering they don't keep or rescue animals. Furthermore, for information you gather I would like to see a source since I have no way of knowing where you got your 'facts' from."
"nothing is accurate... We have all heard of stories where people clame to have some kind of aproch with aliens. Although this stories might be true no one has yet provided any evidence to the public. Its understandable that the Governments does not want to make a big comotion about this mayor issue but there has been people that have made stories intentional to scare the public and to recieve some kind of reward, to see who gets to show the evidence first. We need some answers and we need them now!!"
"Rap Battle: theLwerd goes down. I've got about an hour to write this -- Believing Pro's crap is so wack you know I didn't even want to ignite this flame cuz he's lame but I hope that he likes this; takes this and bites this for dropping my name then came and disrespected me. He thought he'd test me but didn't best me despite trying to be like me. Put up a picture of my dead dog to spite me and I didn't take it lightly. He wanted to fight me though he couldn't out write me -- He's chump change but the range of my Trump wage gives me sure wealth, so I'm gonna own this as you're about to see for yourself... =========================================================== You start this battle like you got BEEF with me but you're a little CHICKEN How you gonna f-ck me deep, you see, when you can't even get your d-ck in? Then come back with what seems like some bad teenage poetry I spit with mean rage and still give em wet dreams - you know it, G I'm lyrical flaunting? Well you're lyrically fronting My rhymes are daunting -- you c-nt, see you're clearly nothing But I got something; besting this Country like a do-see-do So I take my flow in and ride it like it's a friggin Rodeo What I'm spittin's beautifully written like Juliet and Romeo You're a fool, forget dutifully that you don't even know me though Then go stealing my avatar thinking that it would get you far But my rhymes get deeper than a worn scar and yours suck harder than a porn star A gay one - that's what you amount to - Only a f-g would bother us This is your fake account, dude - your real name's Protagoras Just look in the comments section - You're not keeping it Private but I'm a Lieutenant Your mom shoulda used condom protection or died the day she got pregnant You can't jack my swag - try harder - so why don't you go jack your father I got this in the bag so I'll take it further with words that hurt ya: verbal murder slaughter LV's for L' Victory - Even Louie Vuitton can't get it on like me (ask the pundits) See this battle's like the marathon with the way that I run this Someone call a doctor, mon, cuz you make me sick to my stomach I'm glad your account's gone -- Challenge me? You shouldn't have done it My rhymes are doper and so it's OVER MAN, Mr. Overman You're just a P-SSY (cat) but you know that I'm a Doberman That's a fact so that's a wrap with this rap and it is what it is You put up a picture of my dog cuz I made you my B-TCH. ==========================================================="
"Atheist arguments are sound. Con asks for an example of a fallacious religious argument; here is one: The teleological argument. This is how it goes:1. The universe has physical constants which cause the conditions for the development of life.2. The range that those constants can be within and still support life is very small.3. The physical constants of the universe are therefore to precise to have been random chance.4. Therefore there must be an intelligent entity that designed the universe to support life.5. That entity is God.This has two fallacies in it; the first one is the assumption that because the conditions for life are improbable to occur naturally there MUST be an entity that designed and caused those conditions to occur. The second fallacy is the False Dilemma fallacy. The Teleological argument gives a false dilemma of either a highly improbable natural cause, or God as the cause (God commonly being defined as an omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent entity) when there is also the possibility that it was an omnipotent entity that isn't omnibenevolent (not God.)Here are two atheistic argument against God: the omnipotence paradox and the argument from free will. The omnipotence paradox goes like this: can God create a rock so heavy he can't lift it. If God can create a rock so heavy he can't lift it he's not omnipotent; if he can't create a rock so heavy he can't lift it then he's not omnipotent; so either way he's not omnipotent. The argument from free will is another paradox which goes like this: God is omnipotent, so he can create a being with free will. God is also Omniscient, so he knows what choice that being with free will is going to make. If God knows what choice the being with free will is going to make; then the being doesn't have free will. If the being does have free will then God can't know what choice they will make. In the former scenario God can't make a being with free will because he will always know what choice they will make and therefore is not omnipotent. In the latter God can create a being with free will but doesn't know what choice that being will make, therefore he is not Omniscience. Therefore God can't exist as he must have qualities that are incompatible."
"2nd amendment guarantees both militia and individual arms rights. Oral arguments in DC vs. Heller. Justice Scalia. March l8th, 2008 - ""JUSTICE SCALIA: I don't see how there's any, any, any contradiction between reading the second clause as a -- as a personal guarantee and reading the first one as assuring the existence of a militia, not necessarily a State-managed militia because the militia that resisted the British was not State- managed. But why isn't it perfectly plausible, indeed reasonable, to assume that since the framers knew that the way militias were destroyed by tyrants in the past was not by passing a law against militias, but by taking away the people's weapons -- that was the way militias were destroyed. The two clauses go together beautifully: Since we need a militia, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."""
"People who go in debates with the user RoyLatham should get a 15-point head start. Verse 1 There once was a man named KingDebater, who sounded like a real Roy Hater! He presented a plan with great folly, which I shall refute with great jolly! He insisted opponents get a head start, instead of having them use their smarts! He denied the anger this would produce, insisting the anger would be countered, he deduced! Not realizing the counters could be countered, he failed. Or that the rules can be averted, despite jail! [1] Verse 2 Rhyme? He heard rhyme, I cannot deny. These are the rules that should apply! Losing every debate? That I contest. As he admitted, Roy is the best! He talks about a debate where Roy can’t rhyme . . . presuming Roy would accept and waste his time! This plan of mine . . . need not be absolute. Just two of five debates are a hoot! [2] Blues Clues is awesome, to deny that is insane! This statement itself . . . no need to explain! He complains about “stacked odds” . . . rather bizarre . . . is that not the point of the argument he’s pushed so far? To make Roy lose, so he said . . . in his round one, were we mislead? King contradicts himself, very sad . . . this might make voters very mad! To debate against rhyme, no win guarenteed. This debate is proof . . . yes indeed. ;) Verse 3 He attacks my grammar, quite unsporting, while his is in need of tremendous sorting! Than and that? They are two different words.[2] To confuse the two is quite absurb! ""Clues"" should be capitalized, since it is proper.[3] Those who say otherwise are grammatical paupers! Verse 4 Great justice demands that you vote CON . . . now excuse me while I go play in the lawn! Thanks for the debate! Logical-Master! Sources: [1] http://tinyurl.com... [2] See CON R1. [2] ""The word ""concede"" has 88 pure rhymes [1], whilst the word ""accept"" has only 15 pure rhymes [2] which means that when trying to make his arguments all snappy and clever, he's more likely to say he concedes that say he accepts the debate! "" [3] Uh oh, I lose! Now, I am off to watch Blue's clues!"
"Social Darwinism is a just theory. Hi Sketchy and thanks for the opportunity to debate. I'm cool with all your rules and definitions and promise to keep Adolf wotsit out of the debate. I would just like to point out that to discuss morality, some sort of moral framework should probably be established first. Guessing you're not a nihilist or monotheistic objectivist but would like to know how you intend to guage morality. If you just want to work off a general consensus of moral subjectivity, that's cool, just let me know. I eagerly await your opening arguments. Thanks."
"Teemo is Satan. As Con, I will be arguing that Teemo is NOT Satan. Since my opponent did not post any definitions, arguments or proofs, I will post mine.Definitions:Satan - the Devil; Lucifer.Teemo - League of Legends champion; The Swift Scout. Primary: Marksman, Secondary: Assassin.My arguments: This is Teemo. So f*cking cute.............................................. This is Satan, So f*cking scary.They do not look alike. I will need more explanation form Pro regarding how Teemo's skill set and laugh have anything in common with Satan.Sources:http://www.oxforddictionaries.com...http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com..."
"the ""right to be forgotten"" on Internet searchers ought to be a. My opponent made the statement of saying the breach of privacy should be illegal. I am here to say that not all forms of intrusion are necessarily crude. We have many criminals running on the streets. They are outsmarting the government on a daily basis. We use surveillance to deter crimes and catch terrorists. The drones, for example, are one of the things that we use to help monitor our enemy. If we were to take down the images of Nikki Castouras this wouldn't mean it will be permanently deleted. There may be the chance of someone getting ahold of this image and reposting it for the world to see once more. Moreover, the architecture of information systems has become much more complex, with the numerous links rendering any deletion of data tricky and expensive. With the information being posted again you will need to do the cleaning job again. I have never claimed that we have the right to look at the dead daughter of this family. That is irrelevant to what this debate is even arguing about. That is why I am choosing to overlook this question of his. For it will distract us from the truly important issues in the debate. This take power away from the freedom of expression because someone may have his/her website or comment flagged and tucked away from the public eye. If the opinion were to be silenced, the opinion may have been true. All beliefs are not certain or infallible. If the opinion, even if untrue, helps solidify truth of present belief. Our beliefs currently even if proved true must be discussed. Not just taken down without our knowledge. On an article called ""Wikipedia Swears to Fight 'Censorship' of 'Right to be Forgotten' Ruling"" dated on August 6th, 2014. Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales said "" History is a human right and one of the worst things that a person can do is attempt to use force to silence another,"" he said. ""I've been in the public eye for quite some time. Some people say good things, some people say bad things ... That's history, and I would never use any kind of legal process like to try to suppress it."""
"Short Story Debate. **Spoiler Alert**The zombies kill everyone. My opponent was planning on working a ""Twilight vs Magic Mike"" storyline into her next round, but my creative zombie spin (which has NEVER been done before) screwed up her plans for an epic teen romance novel.Vote Optimus Prime / Steve Jobs 2016.(Paid for by the Prime Jobs campaign for President.)"
"That Age of Empires is superior to Empire Earth. I'm going to be arguing that the latest version of Empire Earth is inferior to the latest version of Age of Empires. 1: Age of Empires generally is more loved by the critics. Age of Empires 3 got a Metacritic score of 81, compared to Empire Earth 3's score of a mere 49. 2: Age of Empires is more complex and thus more engaging. Age of Empires 3 has 3 resources, whilst Empire Earth has only 2. Age of Empires 3 has 5 ages, whilst Empire Earth has only 3. 3: The AI (artificial intelligence) in Age of Empires 3 is far superior. I've never lost a game of Empire Earth 3, but the Age Empires 3 AI surprises me frequently. 4: Graphically, Age of Empires 3 is again superior. While Empire Earth lags and achieves only cartoonish graphics, Age of Empires 3 has a realistic physics model, complex shaders, hundreds of units and one of the most immersive worlds I've ever seen - and I used to run it off a 32MB graphics card! (not at stunning speeds, but it was playable) 5: Age of Empires 3 has more expansions than Empire Earth 3 (2 against 0), so after you get bored of the games you can only pick up an expansion for Age of Empires. 6: Age of Empires 3 has an award winning soundtrack. Empire Earth 3 barely has a soundtrack at all. Steven Rippy is a legend! 7: Age of Empires 3 is focused on one area of the world in one time period with some vague interaction with the rest of the world (home city). This is more realistic than the Empire Earth model, where you command a large portion of the planet at any one time - after all, no ancient commander had as much power as Empire Earth would suggest, however, several American pioneers did found cities and defend them against a rival faction's city in early America. SOURCES: . http://en.wikipedia.org... . http://en.wikipedia.org... my experience"
"Resolved: a just government ought to ensure food security for all its citizens. Firstly, my opponent began his argument with a question which I deem to be totally irrelevant. The resolution at debate assumes that there is such thing as a ""just government"" and that is taken as a given before debate even commences. Were the debate rather on the proper role of government, we could debate that fundamental principle. But as strong academic debate is impossible if certain things can not be assumed as true for the sake of an argument, I feel that all arguments made under that umbrella heading of ""Is a government's role to be moral at all?"" ought to be dismissed as irrelevant to the present debate. As to the point in which my opponent states, ""that it is not the job or the right of the government to uphold morality and quite frankly it is impossible, allowing the government this power violates its 1 function which is simply to protect its people and thus this resolution undermine the entire premise of government, a concept which the founders would also agree."" I would like to provide a statement from John Adams, the father of the Constitution, which totally defeats the argument: ""We ought to consider what is the end of government, before we determine which is the best form. Upon this point all speculative politicians will agree, that the happiness of society is the end of government, as all divines and moralphilosophers will agree that the happiness of the individual is the end of man. From this principle it will follow, that the form of government which communicates ease, comfort, security, or, in one word, happiness, to the greatest number of persons, and in the greatest degree, is the best.""(John Adams, Thoughts on Government, emphasis added)Indeed, the very father of the Constitution does not agree with my opponent. The statement claiming that the founders agree with him, is totally false. The final point which my opponent makes seems more well founded on the surface, but below the skin there is a much more illogical argument. My opponent seems to believe that one possible result of such a policy is enough to discount the immediate benefits thereof. If I am understanding correctly, my opponent seems to believe that the millions of people who are impoverished should starve to death, that a government should not protect the lives of the people they have the responsibility to protect, and that a chance reality based on no solid evidence. Indeed, I believe that it is foolish to throw away the lives of so many people simply out of fear of a chance future. As none of the arguments my opponent made have any substantial ground, I solicit the votes of the judges. Thank you for your time well spent."
"Are Catholics Christians. Now ladies and gentlemen Id like to draw your attention to what my opponent mentioned in his argument:he mentioned that what catholic christians and protestant christians do are 90% similar. But ladies and gentlemen am I not right to say that even the slighest difference is still considered a difference? It could be saying that a man called John and a man called Arthur are twins, they look alike. Very similar to each other right? But there is a difference. Their identities. My point being ladies and gentlemen,the slightest difference is still considered a difference. So coming back to the topic:If you are wanting to say that catholics are christians there should not be the slightest difference at all. Yes some or most or all of you may look at the majority but there is still a difference. I for one won""t be arguing about this if there were no differences between us and how we worship god. But there are so many differences between us. Yes we worship the same god,but Id like to draw your attention to the priests. A little bit about the history of the bible first:When jesus ordained the disciples and what he did in this process was that he consecrated their hands so there will be a ""line"" connected between them and jesus. Till today this ""line"" is still passed down to various catholic priests across the world. But the christians however they formed their own ""religion"" and started to form their own group of priests which today are called pastors. But they do not have the ""line"" connected to jesus hence the difference over here. In conclusion for this argument,I just want to say that yes catholics and christians are very similar to each other but the slightest difference still tells us apart."
"Mother Teresa was not so saint-like. I have tried to debate this several times but I have had difficulty as a result of opponents forfeiting rounds, so I am looking for a good and thorough debate. Anyway: It's an Interesting topic as you don't hear it that often. I will be for the notion that mother Teresa was in fact quite immoral and unjust in her actions and ideas and therefore doesn't deserve the title of ""saint"". Round one is an acceptance round only, followed by rounds of back and forth argument/rebuttal. Good luck and happy debating."
"Muhammad, the final prophet of Islam, was a civilized, peaceful man. I. So he preached marriage to 4 wives but then justified it for his sake to ""create allies""? Seems a little fishy to me. Why couldn't other people ""create allies"" then? I'm not approving of polygamy, but it seems that if he were to preach something, he should go by it himself. II. I just came across this in my research and I will site these. Muslims should consider this book still to be reliable, since it is a holy book. However, to clear up any speculation, I will quote the Hadith directly. Here, he says women are inferior to men. The description says ""Narrated Abu Said Al-Khudri"": ""The Prophet said, 'Isn't the witness of a woman equal to half of that of a man?' The women said, 'Yes.' He said, 'This is because of the deficiency of a woman's mind.'"" (Hadith 3:826) The next source is here: http://www.sacred-texts.com... ""The Prophet replied, 'I saw Paradise and stretched my hands towards a bunch (of its fruits) and had I taken it, you would have eaten from it as long as the world remains. I also saw the Hell-fire and I had never seen such a horrible sight. I saw that most of the inhabitants were women.'"" (Hadith 2:161) Your quote does not prove that he loves women at all. Also, let it be noted that Mary (Mother of Jesus) is the only woman named in the Qur'an. III. Wikipedia's reliability is known to be shaky, so I found another source from about.com on the battle. If you read the article here ( http://asianhistory.about.com... ) it says that they had going back and forth for a while. The city of Mecca kicked out Muslims, and the Muslims retaliated. It says nowhere that the Muslims tried to retreive their ""stolen goods"", nor does it say that Muhammad was against the fighting. What is does say is that the Muslims tried to raid the caravan, then Mohammad marched his army. After the battle, Muhammad ordered that the held the wealthy be for ransom. That doesn't sound very peaceful to me. IV. This is another widely debated issue. I can't find any legitimate source saying that he ""preached the freeing of slaves to everyone"". The fact of the matter is, he owned and traded African slaves. Take a look at this article as well: http://asianhistory.about.com... The myth that he allegedly ""bought the freedom of slaves"" (not that you said this, but I saw this online) is false. Many times he traded slaves for more slaves. Whether not he believed in slave rights, he still encouraged slavery through his actions. Thank you for the response, and good luck in the final round. Final note: could you please include sources? Thank you."
"i think, therefore, i am. It is flawed for different reasons. Firstly, it is incorrect to assume your existence is real purely because you are capable of thought. Why can't the thoughts be those of another entity, you could still be illusory and just receiving those thoughts, perhaps as a figment. An example would be when you are dreaming, at times you may be thinking as yourself even though you aren't yourself in the dream. The dream person is in no way real yet they still have thought. It does not make them real and therefore thought cannot make you any more real. Secondly, ""I think, therefore I am"" does not prove that thought is real, only that a thought means you are real. If the thought you are perceiving is not real then how could it possibly prove your existence. Therefore, the primary flaw in the statement is that if the thought is never proven to be anything more than illusory, how could it possibly prove the existence of self."
"The international community and political legitimacy. While international support is important to some extent for the government, Myanmar has significant political and economic relations with many countries in the region, including China and North Korea, whose stance is strategically motivated and is not going to be influenced by what the US and the EU do. It is hard to fathom a situation in the foreseeable future where the military and government leadership will be forced to bow down to international pressure, whether or not certain countries choose to engage with it. The only way for the international community to remain relevant to Myanmar would be by engaging with it. The situation is different from that in South Africa and in Haiti because of the existence of strong allies, whose interests are different, if not opposed to in some respects, from those who follow a policy of disengagement with Myanmar."
"Private Handgun ownerships should be outlawed. Thanks, Pro. Pro asserts, to quote him: ""handguns like a barreta or M9 for example should be outlawed for private ownership uses due to the vast majority of the united states gun ownership is common and there is a high percentage of people misusing it or involved in a death or injury accident or incident."" Am I to take it that only Beretta handguns (M9 handguns are manufactured by Beretta) (1) should be banned from private hands, according to my opponent? If so, then surely Pro has already negated the statement in the title through his own argument. If Pro is not proposing a ban of just Beretta handguns, but handguns of other make besides Beretta, then which ones are ""like"" Beretta handguns? Perhaps more specification is needed. If my opponent is not making such a claim that only Beretta handguns should be banned from private ownership, and rather that all handguns should be banned from private ownership, well, why should that be so? Based on my interpretation of my opponent's argument, Pro has not yet given any evidence against private handgun ownership. Pro seems only to have thanked me for pointing out the need for specification, and indicated that he agrees he must present statistics that pertain solely to handguns. He has not seemed to actually make an argument against private handgun ownership. As no argument against handgun ownership has been given, I do not need to address an argument against private handgun ownership. Sources: 1. http://www.beretta.com..."
"Evolution is a valid cosmology for Christians. -First of all, evolution is the change in the inherited characteristics of biological populations over successive generations. . https://en.wikipedia.org... -It does not examine the origins of life on earth, that topic relates to the theory of abiogenesis or panspermia. (or in your case through god) -This debate will deal solely with the theory of evolution and its processes compared or contrasted with the Biblical account in genesis, NOT with the initial creation of the universe. -I will lay out my arguments in the next round and look forward to hearing yours, thank you for the opportunity to debate this topic of vital importance."
Ron Paul's Foreign Policy. I do have problems with some of Ron Paul's foreign policy such as how far he takes his non interventionism personally and how far he takes blowback as the main explanation of why the US and other Western countries like the UK are attacked. I do agree that we need to scale back our Empire because of its huge cost. I am generally against nation building as well as some of the wars we have been involved in. If that is not con enough let me know. My main arguments will be against pure non interventionism and blowback as the primary cause of terrorism in the US and other countries as well as some pro points about the war in Afghanistan and POSSIBLE benefits of naval as well as airforce use against Iran IF they really are developing nuclear weapons.
"The term ""Master debater"" is funny. To open my argument, I will bring up two points. Point 1: The term ""Master Debater"" is a play on words because it sounds like masterbater. Plays on words are a highly used comedic element, and is often the punch line of jokes. Point 2: Masturbation is a natural part of human life, and therefore, it is funny. Other natural parts of human life are the following; Sex, sexual orientation, race, bowl movements, anger, and fear. Jokes about these, no matter how much of a guilty pleasure they are, are funny. Conclusion: Combining the comedic element of a play on words with a common thing that most humans share makes the term ""Master debater"" funny."
"Being a Christian does not negate being in support of the Death Penalty. I'm a Christian and I've always been taught that ""you reap what you sow."" There is a, distinct, but fine-line between killing someone and murdering someone. The death penalty is not murder. Murder is taking someones life just for the sake of taking a life. The death penalty is for those who commit such horrific crimes that we must not only put an end to their life but also make an example of them in the process. Sometimes the only way that justice can be served is by taking the life of the one that took a very fragile and innocent life away from this earth. The Bible certainly teaches that death is a justified way of punishing someone. Read the story of Sodom and Gomorrah. God has struck many people down and killed them. The government has an obligation to put an end to those whose crimes are so heinous that the only way to bring justice to them is by ending their life."
"The Purpose of School is Not to Learn. Math, reading, writing, and history. I never forgot any of that information. School is to learn, you should look up the definition of the word ""education"" it may help you a lot. Now schools TEACH you the skills to prepare you for college. How they prepare you is by teaching you. Test are a ranking system, who is the best who is the worst. You don't invest in a business that'll fail right? Ever notice how some schools have higher scores than others? It's because they TEACH better because school is about learning. If people forget most of their education how do people do their jobs? Like programmers, doctors, teachers, welders, and directors? I mean if they forgot, how do they know what they're doing then? I think you're looking at this all wrong you should reconsider this outrageous opinion. On this issue with Foreign Language they have to be motivated to learn another language. You don't just remember a Mexican class you took back in 6th grade. I can say most American 6th graders don't want to learn Mexican. That's why they don't remember any of it. I call it Mexican because it's a slang watered down version of Spanish."
"in a god exists debate, BOP is on pro. No. I am not misinterpreting anything, I am a Christian, I believe in God, and that is what I am arguing. I am just arguing it in a different way from the most Christians you might debate this with. And the way in which i believe in God means that the only evidence I need is, well, the personal religious opinion of me and many others. This is just a different way that I believe in God, and it is not wrong. This actually is a whether God exists or not debate. It is a fact to me and the others that believe this, and our interpretation is its own proof."
"The power of the visual. Art differs from other forms of media with regard to the expression of ideas. Unlike other methods of conveying ideas, art has a visceral impact that is instant and has a lasting effect. In a discussion, for example, there are often clues that ideas that might make people feel uncomfortable are about to arise. Thus, people are in a better position to consent to the sorts of challenges controversy within a conversation may pose (similarly, we tend to look more positively on taboo subjects raised within a conversational context than we do when they are, for example, shouted about in the street). In the case of art, particularly that which is displayed in public spaces (like squares, parks and museums) people are unable to consent in this way, but rather, may be confronted suddenly by something that they find disgusting, because it has forced them to confront something they find horrific or traumatic, in a manner which has a great impact, and that, because of the power of the visual, they find difficult to forget. "
"Sport teaches us big lessons for life. Most sports involve teamwork and teach us how to get along w... Sport teaches us big lessons for life. Most sports involve teamwork and teach us how to get along with others, how to work together to achieve a common goal, and about trust and responsibility. All sports teach us about dealing with success and failure. They also help people learn about coping with pressure and the need to stick with training in order to improve yourself. True, some sports do not suit some people, but there are so many possible choices that everyone can find a sport to enjoy."
"the end justifies the means in this hypothetical. All you have done is show that there are times when whether the ends justifes the means, is not so clear. i showed what i believe is a clear example. i am a ""proportionalist"" instead of a deontologist, so i to take each case on its own... but personally i would say a healthy person with organs is worth even a hundred other people. you may argue there's a slippery slope created with my methods, and i wont deny it. but i will say that there probably does exist a truth, it's just not always easy to tell which it is. truth may be relative in some sense though in some sense it's not, but it's not arbitrary. in my scenaio, the pros and cons were obvioius, in your case not so much. that's all you've shown. you haent shown how proportionalism is wrong or how the ends don't justify the means in that situation i provided."
"Jews control America. While Jewish people are disproportionally more likely to control large facilities and companies, this does not mean they control America. Does the top 1% of the US population control America? No. They only contain 50% of the wealth and as they get richer, so does the bottom 99% due to increased technological development. This is because Capitalism is cool like that."
"smart cities lead to inflation. Well, apparently my opponent agrees with me that he has the full burden of proof (since he didn't argue with me). This being the case, I have already won the debate. After all, he plagiarized the first round, fell into a logical fallacy in the second round, and didn't make an argument this round. Having said that, I am happy to act on his advice, and offer my negative case. Negative Case Smart cities actually lower inflation due to their aggressive use of cutting edge technology. This allows costs to be deferred by more productive use of time.[2] Sources: 2. http://www.bloomberg.com..."
"Gene Therapy. It was stated in your argument that it is unethical to risk harm on a person. Would it be better to just let the people live with their disease rather than try to cure it? Wouldn't it be better to risk harm with trying to cure a disease that would be more harmful to the person in the future? Other therapies could also risk harm on a person and they are not as effective as gene therapy. It would not be unethical to risk harm on a person if it is done to cure a disease that could possibly be hurting the person more. Another advantage of gene therapy is that it ""wipes out genetic disease before they can begin and eliminate suffering for future generations,"" according to ndsu.edu. Not only would it prevent the person from suffering, but it would prevent their children from having it too. It could prevent diseases before people even know they have them, since gene therapy is also ""a good technique for diseases not researched yet. All of us carry defected genes an may not know it"", states ndsu.edu. This could prevent great suffering and pain for people and their future children. ""With its potential to eliminate and prevent hereditary diseases such as cystic fibrosis and hemophilia and its use as a possible cure for heart disease, AIDS, and cancer, gene therapy is a potential medical miracle-worker"", says kidshealth.org. With gene therapy curing diseases before it begins and preventing future generations from having it, most of the population's diseases could be eliminated over time."
"Abortion. I accept my opponent's definitions. _____________________________ ""My opponent will probably point out that brain activity is not present until much later, and humans as a race are defined by the brain. I completely agree, and propose the fetus is life with certain human potential. "" To say that a fetus should not be aborted because it has the potential for life is utterly fallacious. By your logic we should outlaw masturbation as every time a guy finishes he is ending millions of potential lives. ""Additionally United States Law by established legal precedent as well as by written statutes have established that fetuses indeed are human even though I have conceeded that they are not."" If you have conceded that they are not alive then posting legal precedent that they are does not further your own argument and is unnecessary. ""35 states classify the killing of a fetus as murder (http://www.lifenews.com......) Therefore 35 States recognize fetuses as human."" This is more like an appeal to authority. You did not show why a fetus is a human. You only showed that certain states say it is. ""With the advanced medical contraceptives of today such as Condoms, Birth Control, and the Day after pill, Women have a choice whether to have a child or not. And that choice has to be made 3 days within sexual activity. With the day after pill available at local walmarts for considerably less than an abortion would cost, there is little to no reason as to not be protected."" Condoms can snap and contraceptives can fail and the morning after pill is not 100% effective and can cause side effects which may discourage a woman from using it. One could theoretically use all three of these measures and still end up pregnant. Although a longshot, this person has done everything in order to be protected and yet still became pregnant. What I am saying is that there will always be exceptions and it is unfair to force someone to have a child when they have taken all of the necessary precautions."
"Same-sex marriage should be legal. Same-sex marriage goes against the traditional principles of what marriage is. In Western cultures, marriage is the union between a MAN and a WOMAN, ordained by God for a lifelong relationship. For this reason, marriage is also referred to as a ""Holy Matrimony."" Regardless of a person's belief, this is at the core of what marriage means. In the argument for same-sex marriage, this idea is completely ignored. Proponents' main concerns are the civil rights of homosexual couples. If this is the case, then the argument should not be if homosexuals should be allowed to ""marry,"" but if the same civil rights should be given to homosexual couples. The simple answer is: yes, they should have all the same rights as any married couple but not the Christian title of husband and wife. Opponents hang on the words, ""Marriage is not a right, it is a privilege."" Proponents of gay marriage are deeply offended by this, and this seems to fuel their passion to fight for gay marriage. However, in this case, both arguments are erroneous. Marriage is neither a right nor a privilege. The historical definition of marriage is simply a promise to God and the husband or wife, that one will forever remain faithful and committed. From this simple idea, marriage has become a tradition. Non-believers also partake in this ceremony to profess their devotion to each other. So, when a woman in San Diego married her dog, Christians found this to be degrading. To believers, this was not a ""true marriage"", but defamation. Essentially, while gay rights should be established, it shouldn't be labeled as marriage. I will now move on to rebuttals Your first argument is a fallacy: Begging the question. I will refute it, however, they will be discarded as it's fallacious 1. You stated that ""Our world does not wish to discriminate against race, religion or ethnicity"", this is inaccurate. Since there is a character limit I will just post a link http://www.religioustolerance.org... http://www.religionfacts.com... I will rebuttal your 2nd argument in round 3 due to a character limit 3. Just because other countries or states allow for gay marriage simply does not mean that other countries or state should as well. Take this statement 'Other countries legalized gay marriage, we should too.' Now take this statement 'Other countries disband guns, we should too' These statements are equally true. In each case, there is no conflict between doing what others do and the following, but that does not call for gay marriage to be legalized. The fact that other countries have specific laws, ie that gay marriage is allowed in other countries doesn't call for it to be legalized in others. 4. There is no guarantee that allowing gay marriage will lead to children being successfully adopted in other countries. In other countries. Simply put, marriage is not necessary for children to be adopted, as single people could adopt. Your argument is, therefore, a false assumption."
"Resolved: Teachers should address students as ""Mister/Sir"" and ""Miss/Misses."". It would defiantly create an atmosphere we do not want. And in addition to the other points, there would be so much confusion as to who the sir or miss was. By saying sir, all boys would respond and if the teacher tried to point out which kid he wanted to select, it might take an amount of time much more the what would be acceptable."
"There are no valid arguments sufficient to justify same-sex marriage being illegal. Public opinion has no place in the interpretation of law. Siting polls as eveidence in a court of law renders the court of law a kangaroo court. Polls are ""feeling"" based. They are in no way legal arguments for interpreting already exsiting law and are irrelevant. Legal precedent is a valid and sufficiant reason to oppose same sex marrige. Baker v Nelson Apllication of Baker v Nelson in federal courts Citizens for Equal Protection v. Bruning, U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit (2006) Wilson v. Ake, U.S. District Court (2005) In re Kandu, U.S. Bankruptcy Court (2004) Perry v. Schwarzenegger, United States District Court for the Northern District of California (2010) Defense of Marriage Act Cases before the U.S. Court of Appeals, First Circuit (2012) United States District Court for the District of Hawaii (2012) Sevick v. Sandoval, United States District Court for the District of Nevada (2012) Morrison v. Sandler, Indiana Court of Appeals (2005) Application of Baker v Nelson in state courts Morrison v. Sandler, Indiana Court of Appeals (2005) Hernandez v. Robles, New York Court of Appeals (2004) In Re Marriage of J.B. and H.B., Texas 5th Circuit Court of Appeal (2010) Benson v. Alverson, Hennepin County, Minnesota, District Court (2011) These are all legal precidents and not opinion. If legal precedent is not valid then nothing is."
"x-x/=0. Ok, I'm going to set up a series of mathematical equations to prove that x-x does not equal 0 all the time. Some quick terminology: /= does not equal. 8 infinity. x variable. - minus. + plus. = equal to. x-x=0 a number minus itself equals zero x=8 x equals infinity 8-8=0 because a number minus itself is zero, 8-8 is 0 as well 8+5=8 because infinity cant get any bigger 8+3=8 because infinity cant get any bigger 8+5-8+3=8-8 because of the last two lines 8+5-8+3=8-8+5-3 either the commutative or the associative property of addition/subtraction last line=0+2 0 from 8-8, 2 from 5-3 therefore, 8-8=2 sometimes at least, infinity can equal 2. therefore x-x/=0 all the time Don't accept this debate and tell me ""infinity is just a concept, you cant do anything with it"" because thats a load of crap. Good luck to my opponent."
"Education standards will be improved across the region. improvement of education among member states. It has policies such as the introduction of the inter University council of education to ensure the quality of University education, and an ongoing process of harmonising education curricula in all member countries (1). However, Africa still remains the continent with poorest quality of education and has the lowest skilled/educated labour. A large number of children fail to access basic education (2). Enlarging and deepening the EAC will therefore enhance education standards on a large part of the African continent; such policies will lift weak academic institutions in DRC, South Sudan and Somalia which are typical of their poor education systems. (1)  East African Community Education, ‘Harmonisation of education and training curricula in East Africa’ eac.int,  http://www.eac.int/education/index.php?option=com_content&id=53&Itemid=106 (2)  Kevin Watkins, ‘Narrowing Africa’s Education deficit’, brookings.com, January 2013,  http://www.brookings.edu/research/reports/2013/01/foresight-africa-education-watkins"
"Gay Marriage Should be legal. I would like to know why someone is against same-sex or gay marriage. I happen to be bi and would like to see someone else's side of this matter. Please explain why in complete and full detail why you do not want to have gay marriage legalized. I trust that you have a good argument as to why, and just want to see the other side of this ""issue"" in the United States. Thank You!"
"2011 Tohoku Earthquake and Tsunami. After World War 2, the Japanese were forbidden to build up an army. All they have is a small SDF (Self Defense Force), that protects the people. In March 2011, a massive 9.0 earthquake struck off the coast of Sendai, Japan. It triggered a massive 40 foot Tsunami that inundated the Japanese Coast. The Earthquake also damaged the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant causing a massive evacuation. So far, 14,000 people are dead with another 13,000 injured. The quake is expected to cost Japan almost US$300 Billion, making it Japan's toughest crisis since World War 2. Now back to the SDF, the magnitude and scale of this disaster is unprecedented. It is obviously too large for just the SDF to handle on its own. With the United States in Japan, they will be able to offer as much assistance as humanly possible to help the people of Japan bounce back from this terrible disaster. If the US abandons Japan now, it will look like a terrible incident of a nation that doesn't care about the welfare of millions of people who are in distress."
"Which is better: Halo or Call of Duty. Thank you for that. Call of Duty is much better because of its somewhat realistic qualities and mostly realistic weapons. The thing that made Halo mostly great is Master chief, but now that Bungie has removed master chief of the story, Halo has to struggle to maintain the quality of play. While Halo may have a slightly better campaign, COD smashes Halo when it comes to multi-player. COD is well-know for it's amazing multi-player, that seems to sky-rocket the industry of COD. COD multi-player has many more maps and types of gameplay that exceed Halo by far."
"deseptive flaw in debateing system. Pro says. .. ""One entire section of my arguments was unfortunately dropped on this alone I think I should win. ""Well Pro is entitled their opinion, I am also entitled to my opinion that I should win cause I have a squirell with coffee in my avatar. Never the less I think readers and voters will judge the debate in its entirety and can make judgement on what are the important points and what are not so important. Interpretation of the argumentI was happy to hear Pro at the start of the last round say. .. ""I have not moved any goal posts I maintain that contender is at an overall advantage, bec. of the last word advantage. ""So was Pro able to carry this burden through out this debate ? The instigators advantagesI presented 3 advantages that the instigator has that can negate the advantage of the last word advantage of the contender.1) The instigator gets to form the resolution2) The instigator gets to make the first argument3) The instigator can launch a pre-emptive strike against counter arguments/rebuttalPro didn't dis agree that these were advantages available to the Instigator, at best Pro tried to down play those advantages. If Pro can assert that the last word advantage trumps these advantages, then I can merely assert that these advantages trump the last word advantage. Pro statistical AnalysisPros statistical analysis: Other factors unaccounted forYou will recall I bought up the problem of how experienced debators as potential contenders are cherry picking the easier debates thus we would expect that the contenders overall on DDO to have a higher winning percentage. Pro didn't argue against this. So I asked, how did Pro account for this in their analysis ? Pros reply is merely so what. And that in a nutshell is the problem with Pros interpretation of the data. Pro hasn't been able to isolate the variable of last word advantage with the variable of contender winning percentage, as such causation has not be proven and their data is open to more than one interpretation and thus is equivocal. I can merely retort that the cause of the contenders higher winning percentage is due to the cherry picking of potential contenders and the same data that Pro uses will support my claim as well, cause the data is equivocal. As such its unjustified to make the claim based on this data that is has been proven that or that its beyond reasonable doubt that the cause of the contenders higher winning percentage is the last word factor. Pro has not been able to establish causation between the contenders winning percentage and the last word factor. As such I submit Pro has not be able to prove that the contender is at an overall advantage because of the last word factor, as Pro had sought to show. .. ""I have not moved any goal posts I maintain that contender is at an overall advantage, bec. of the last word advantage."
"These benefits should be extended to all, not just the privileged few who can currently learn Latin ... Even if Latin and Greek were worth studying, it would be counterproductive to make them compulsory. Pupils should be encouraged to choose subjects at which they are successful and which fit into their career ambitions; for most, other subjects will be more useful. Forcing pupils who lack interest to study a subject will only lead to bored pupils disrupting classes, to the disadvantage of those who want to learn."
"The government does not have the right to spy on its citizens. The government should not want to spy on its own citizens – that is the mark of a totalitarian regime. If some citizens disagree with the current government or current form of government, it is their fundamental democratic right to do so, and the government has no right to judge their different political preferences as ‘dangerous’. Experience shows that elected governments are not always able to control their domestic intelligence services, which may develop their own views of what constitutes subversive behaviour. In the 1970s MI5 kept files upon Labour Party MPs, including ministers in the UK Government. Elsewhere, fragile democracies such as Pakistan and Turkey have seen military coups launched against elected governments with the involvement of the domestic intelligence services which were supposed to be guarding them.  In Turkey despite a coup against army leaders in 2008 the domestic intelligence agencies remain very strong and are supported by the national police.[1] Whenever there is a domestic intelligence service it is potentially very powerful due to the information it controls which could be used in support of other groups like the military to undermine or overthrow the government. It is better to keep intelligence focused outward. [1] Cagaptay, Soner, What's Really Behind Turkey's Coup Arrests? Foreign policy, 25/02/2010 http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2010/02/25/whats_really_behind_turkeys_coup_arrests"
"What Parliament currently does. Parliament may on paper be able to influence decisions made by the Commission, but a lot of what the Commission does is still heavily influenced by the Council, a body established for national governments to negotiate based on their own partial self-interest.  Such negotiations can lead to major anomalies in the European Union such the Parliament having a seat in Strasbourg order to appease France. Moreover the parliament’s powers over the commission are limited, the opposition cites being able to reject the appointment of members of the commission but it can’t reject individuals only the college of commissioners as a whole.[1] By making the Parliament the primary body in the European Union, decisions can be made with the view of fully representing the needs of their constituents rather than having to constantly be careful of the partisan Council. This can result in better decision making on how the Commission and by extension, the European Union should move forward. [1] European Parliament, ‘Oversight over the Commission and Council’, http://www.europarl.europa.eu/parliament/public/staticDisplay.do?id=46&pageRank=9&language=EN"
"Biggest Military Mistakes. Invade Gallipoli World War 1 By 1915, World War 1 had ground to a halt. The trench lines stretched through Russia, Belgium, and France and no one was making progress. The German Navy had also successfully blocked all trade routes between Russia and Britain and France. So British Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill had a plan. The plan was for a third front to be opened up by attacking Germany's ally, the Ottoman Empire in the Middle East. Then they could reach Russia through the Middle East and bring them supplies. The Gallipoli Campaign took place from April 25, 1925 to January 9, 1916. On theory the idea was good and the plan called for British and French troops to march from Gallipoli to the Ottoman capital of Istanbul. However, the invasion failed. The Ottomans were able to prepare for a land assault and 220,000 troops from the British and French Empires were killed. The Ottomans suffered to with 251,000 of their troops dead. This campaign was a major failfure for the Allies. While they still won the war, they could not get to Russia and bring supplies nor could they capture Istanbul. It was a failed plan that led to the war in the Middle East to go on longer and contributed to the ultimate defeat of Russia.http://en.wikipedia.org...http://listverse.com..."
"Border Fence. Ok. Here we go. POINT 1- Money In this economic time making an investment that doesn't pay back directly is risky. Building a fence will cost money (building a fence around my yard costs a few thousand, how much would a fence that goes on for miles cost to build? Millions, maybe Billions). We do not have this money right now. We have other problems. Also, the fence will need maintenance. The fence will not pay off economically, and therefore, it is not a good idea. POINT 2- Less Consumers This might sound crazy, but, immigrants are consumers too. They buy goods. As we all know, buying goods stabilizes the economy. If people don't buy goods, the GDP is shrinks, which leads to other consequences. POINT 3- What's a fence going to do? Since immigrants are desperate anyway, what are they going to do? Yes, they WILL climb over the fence. If you make it a shock fence, it will at least double the price. Immigrants have options, they can climb, ram through and damage it, etc. There will still be illegal immigrants in the US, sure there would just be a few less coming in, but there will always be the ones that are here that we cannot find. Anyway, an immigrant can always strike a deal with a drug lord and get smuggled over on a private jet. POINT 4- If we legalize certain drugs, there would be less of them, because drugs come from Mexico. If we legalize drugs, then there would be less drugs coming in if a fence was to be built. But the reason for legalizing drugs would be to tax them through the roof, and have even more serious punishment for illegal selling of drugs without paying the tax. That way, we will have more money to take care of the country. POINT 5- Relations If you were Mexico, how would you feel if a neighboring country built a fence on the border because your country is notorious for smuggling drugs and illegal immigrants, and your country cannot take care of this problem. You would feel offended, stereotyped, and generally unhappy. POINT 6- Alternatives There are alternatives to this expensive, insulting, consumer killing option. We can simply ask Mexico to help us with our problem, and maybe, we can send the money we send to other countries to Mexico instead so they can take care of the problem. We can station more patrol troops there instead of sending them to Iran or Iraq, which is much more costly. We can more strictly enforce illegal immigration with stronger consequences. There is so much more that could be done, we could even do all the alternatives at once, and it will be less expensive, less offensive, and more effective. Thank you for reading my argument."
"god exists? guess and oh please do try try try again. I am a devoted theist and I have been sent here by God to prove you wrong. Your whole point revolves around the inconsistent triad which is if evil exists, God is not omnipotent and if he is, he is not benevolent. This makes it hard for people to understand faith but there is a way of bypassing what is considered a ""flaw' of religion. My first point is that we need evil to exsperrience goodness and pleasure. In other words you have to know what darkness is before you can understand what light is. You also need to keep in mind that a lot of catholics and christians think it was us that made evil. If you know the story of Adam and Eve we clearly see how we are born to defy Gods laws, we chose to disobey him and eat the forbidden fruit. For most theists we see this as the beginning of evil and we (humans) started it. Don't forget that we also have free will Meaning we can do what ever we want. At one point or another in our life we are mean or horrible to one another. On to my main point now. It simply is that evil and suffering makes us better people. If something is taken away from us we usually want to have it back. This makes us grateful for what we have left. If you are a slave as you had mentioned overtime you realise that you would never want the same misfortune for others. Making you more compassionate for others."
"Should the Government pay the expenses of Space Exploration. First of all you do not know what you are talking about. The Sun will will turn into a white dwarf and yet it will turn into a black hole or explode into a nebula. Black holes are 4Dimensional objects and they still remain very dangerous and strong. Sorry there was a typo, I was talking about all governments around the world so that scientist and astronomers are able to work together to figure out ways on using another planet as a planet for future generations. As I was looking through all of your sources they are no longer reliable and outdated due to the date provided and the websites you have used are made by amateurs not actual astronomers or scientists. If you look on NASA's website these researches go towards saving human life and other life forms. Second of all, this research goes toward saving the species of humans left in this world, the homosapian sapians. It is all very clear that the sun will die in 5.5 billion years. By that time the earth would be polluted and a wreck therefore finding other planets to live on is a reasonable point. Do you want our human kind to go extinct so that life does not exist? It is put out there that people recommend money being put in by the government for space exploration for it is important to society, many people say well why don't we use the money for the country we live in. What is the point when printing more money makes the money less in value. Other reasons for space exploration is that it is a way to explore how the world works and how it is essential to our life. Asteroids and meteors make become a problem overtime and will continue to become a natural threat to human kind. There are many more reasons to put out there but this is all for now. Sources: http://kids.discovery.com... http://www.nasa.gov... http://www.cliffsnotes.com..."
"Gay Marriage. A recent study by abbie goldberg shows that gay parents might be the best parents because gay parents are able to bring out more talent than straight parent, and gay parents are more motivated and determined to be parents, not people who are only focused on work. Straight parent are also worse because the 2 genders have very different perspectives on life, meaning that the parents will be raising the kid to look at life in 2 completely different manners. The parents will end up butting heads, and this increases the chance of divorce, which perminately affects the child."
"Palaeontology Is the most Controversial Scientific Field. You have conceded that it is not in fact Palaeontology that is the most controversial field, but rather a field to which Palaeontology contributes. To be more specific, you think the Theory of Evolution is the biggest controversy in science, though it could also be the Big Bang Theory. The Theory of Evolution is a biological theory, which makes biological predictions. It is not in any way part of the field of Palaeontology. Therefore, the topic of debate, ""Palaeontology Is the most Controversial Scientific Field"" is wrong by your standards and mine. Since I'm the only one who's supposed to be arguing that it's wrong, it would seem that I've already won. However, I'll add a little something before I go. Palaeontology doesn't even _contribute_ the most to controversy, which seems to be what you were debating last round. The majority of Evolution's evidence comes solely from biological sources. These would be genetics, phenotypes, observed instances of evolution, etc. All that Palaeontology's sources give us is fossils. While fossils are needed to predict how extinct animals evolved, they do not nearly represent the bulk of the evidence for Evolution as a theory. Therefore, Palaeontology doesn't even contribute the most to controversy, Biology or Astronomy does. Concede defeat or make something up. This is a premise on which you cannot win."
"Homeschooling. I will use round 2 to give my opening statement. I will begin my rebuttals in this round as well since there was no restriction set on that, so I assume this is acceptable.First, I will argue why homeschooling is detrimental in a broad sense, and why public schooling makes more sense in response to these problems. Second, I will rebut your points.1. Problems with homeschoolingTime/money: In a public setting, parents need only drop their students off at school or a bus station, or even not do anything and have students walk to school or the station if it is close enough. If a parent decides to homeschool their child, a huge time burden is placed upon the parent because the parent has to teach their child. If a private tutor is involved, then we are talking about a huge monetary investment to substitute for the previous time investment.Education: If it is the state's duty to make sure that its residents are all properly educated, then homeschooling poses a problem. Since parents, unlike schools, are not legally responsible for the education of their children, they could simply keep their children at home and teach them nonsense, or not teach them at all.Social: Homeschooled students are not as equipped in a social environment as students in public schools for obvious reasons. This could pose a problem, because it is my contention that the job industry requires more from the social side of people than the educational side. This means that being able to comfortably cooperate with others is more important in the professions than being perfectly educated.2. RebuttalI agree, it is true that public schools do not account for the vast differences in the learning styles of students. This particularly bugged me about my normal school experience, however, it does help in one very important way. It helps your brain conform to the norms of how education is taught and learned. This can have practical applications in two ways. First, it helps on standardized tests. Knowing how people are supposed to think can have tremendous effects on how you undestand and take a standardized test. Second, it helps your social ability. Again, this leads back to undestanding how others think. While having a standardized mind is not always preferrable, beign able to function in an environment were everyone else has a standardized mind might be more useful than you might think, especially in the workplace. This is something that public schooling does best."
"The Biblical Flood account is historical. Okay, you have given quite an argument but fancy word play doesn't scare me in the slightest and I am glad you put some research into this topic :) but I might disappoint you because I never use ""escape hatch(s)"" (#CONSAYS2015). Here is my opening argument, ( I will not rebuttal yours quite yet, even though I itch with anticipation.) I will keep it simple... Scientific, Historical/Cultural evidence back up my belief(s). 1. Scientific- Polystyrene Fossils-other fossils ""They are often in the form of fossil trees that were buried upright and which often cross multiple layers of strata such as sandstone, shale, limestone and even coal beds. 1,2,3,4 They range in size from small rootlets to trees over 80 feet long. Sometimes they are oblique (or at an angle to) the surrounding strata, but more often they are perpendicular with (or standing 'upright' in) it"" (Scientific Evidence for a Worldwide Flood). Polystrate fossils are also missing their rootlets. The word ""stigmaria"" (roots) got its name: i.e. because of the scar marks left behind from the broken off (and now missing) rootlets, and these roots are all found in completely different places from their original spots of growth. This shows conclusive evidence that these trees were suddenly ripped out of the ground and transported somewere different from their original sprouting place. ""Fossils don't form on lake bottoms today, nor are they found forming on the bottom of the sea. Instead, they normally only form when a plant or animal is buried soon after it dies. Therefore, the fossils themselves are evidence of a catastrophe such as a flood or volcanic eruption that took place in the past. Rapid Petrification of Wood"" (ICR). 2) Historical/Cultural evidence You said in your expaination of the date and even title that you want to disprove the earth was given a great flood ""historically"" well I have to let you know even if I lose based on words I have already won and here is why... THE FLOOD IS HISTORICAL... whether you like it or not nearly every civilization has had a flood story!!! which doesn't always involve a 'Noah' but usally involves a man building a boat that saves mankind from extinction. http://www.talkorigins.org... http://www.earthage.org... I can't say that any of these 'flood' stories have actually occured but it is kind of a BIG COICEIDENCE if not and only makes the Biblical Flood Story more friendly..."
"Maths is an important subject. Every single science subject relies on maths. The whole of physics consists of using maths to model the world. At a basic level, this means drawing diagrams of forces, and at an advanced level it means writing down the gauge group which describes electroweak interaction, but it’s all maths. Even subjects like psychology, which are not normally seen as mathematical, would be lost without advanced statistics to decide whether a result is significant or not. Maths is as important to science as reading is to subjects like history and politics. Making maths optional will mean some students don’t bother doing it. These children will find that science is closed to them. If we want to have a strong science sector – in both industry and research – as governments keep claiming we do[1] it is important to make sure we have people who are qualified. That means giving children the educational background required for them to pursue science should they wish to: maths. [1] Osborne, George, ‘Achieving strong and sustainable economic growth’, Gov.uk, 24 April 2013, https://www.gov.uk/government/policies/achieving-strong-and-sustainable-economic-growth Xinhua, ‘Premier Wen says science, technology key to China’s economic development’, Xinhuanet, 27 December 2009, http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-12/27/content_12711291.htm"
"Path to citizenship is about earning citizenship. Demetrios Papademetriou, PhD, Co-Founder and President of Migration Policy Institute (MPI): ""we should ask unauthorized immigrants to earn their new legal status. Unauthorized immigrants could begin the regularization process by registering with immigration officials and then be given, say, three years in which to qualify. The criteria for regularization should be forward-looking, easily proven, and consistent with what we as a society consider important. Steady employment, paying taxes, speaking English capably and having a clean criminal record are a good start. And the process should a pay for itself by collecting a substantial but reasonable fee from the immigrants who are regularized.""[8] The difficult conditions of this path to citizenship, which gives illegal aliens no advantages over legal aliens, provides no incentive for illegal immigration over legal immigration."
"The psychological effect of NewYyear. We associate New Year with a fresh start, a clean slate. It is when we are most motivated to make major lifestyle changes. The light is also returning after the darkest days of the year, which is a good boost to morale and means it will become easier to make many positive changes to your lifestyle such as spending more time outdoors and waking up earlier."
"Rap Battle of the Century. You've gotta check the chain of command,I'm on top, simple supply and demand,Economics 101, I'm a Marx man.My rhymes smoother than Golf Wang, Yonkers,This battle is mine, I know that I'll conquer Your grade school grammar, you must be watching Bonkers.Take your gateway drug, the high's not great,I've got my gateway thugs protecting this estate,My empire, but it's not a state of mind,Sorry Jay, but this reality is mine.I ain't dead, I come back like Machiavelli,Like Jesus, Like Lazarus, Like OsamaBin Laden, resurrected, and you can't end me,You're a fool, disapproval rating lower than Obama. Let me summarize before you vanish before my very eyes This battle is over, it's no surpriseThese are facts bro, I don't need to theorize."
"Discourse on First Contact: Aliens are Likely to be Hostile [Continued]. We are assuming that the ET's have life as we know it. I will concede about the nature of life, but that is the nature of life on Earth. We have no idea how any other beings live. Their incentive may be to just explore, see what's beyond their galaxy. I agree that they'd have to be decades ahead of us, but I also think, what if they look at us the way we look at lesser creatures. Typically, when you see a puppy, you think ""awe that's adorable"" it's smart to be a little apprehensive as they can bite, but they usually won't be able to cause much damage. We know that water is essential for Earth life, but it wouldn't necessarily be essential for an ET. If they see us as I think they will, they probably wouldn't want to get rid of us, they'd want to watch us live and grow and learn. Most of your arguments can be countered with, ""that's how we know life to work, but they most likely wouldn't have the same type of life as us."" Trying to make ourselves invisible would just delay the inevitable. It doesn't matter if the come in 20 or 20,000,000 years, they will still be 100 times more advanced technologically than we are. Why make ourselves look like a threat when we can show that we mean no harm?"
"Globalization: Friend or Foe, Con or Pro (though not in that order). ""Who first beneath the mistletoeOn Christmas night is found,Must pay a forfeiture, we know,To them that stand around.Approach, ye angel choirs, and thenMake way for happier sons of men.""John Bannister TabbI found that poem specifically for the occasion, since it seems I've now been both put in my place and annihilated, and I feel like celebrating, a little. It's such a pity that my opponent was unable to complete the debate. I do hate forfeiture, both the act and the poem! I bid you all, audience and opponent, a very fair and merry day indeed, as drift the snows of winter and rise the spirits of the season in good cheer!"
The God Of The KJV Bible Is Purely Moral. Thus debate shall be a legendary battle. Known in DDO history. (mine at least) Let it commence! //////////// Preemptive Argument: God letting bad things happen. He gave man free will. He would violate free will if he didn't allow bad things to happen. And if no bad things happen then people would be forced to believe in him because of it. But we would become robots in this.
"Scientist have the moral duty to point how stupid are pseudosciences. What the Witch doctor has done to manipulate your sister is disgusting. I, as an avid fan of science and the scientific way of thinking avidly agree with you on that. She should definitely be stopped. HOWEVER, LAWYERS and POLITICIANS are the ones with the moral duty of making things such as practise of voodoo medicine and witch doctor methodology of treatment illegal. It is NOT THE MORAL SUTY of a SCIENTIST to poke their nose into it, only to alert the people who decide what is allowed and what is not and then leave it from there.To me, a scientist's role is simply this; to find truth and only worry about the proven and 99.99% certain in this Earth and the rest of the universe. They should not concern themselves with other's work (unless they look to it for information or inspiration) especially not to say ""YOU ARE STUPID STOP THIS!"" in fact no scientist of any kind is stupid, there is nothing stupid about reaching a conclusion only HOW ONE reached it and to regulate this is the duty of the makers of the law in terms of medicinal practises and legal credential requirements to carry out medicinal treatment in first place.In my view instead of worrying your sister that her belief is wrong (trust me I know form experience this only makes them hate you) you should instead say ""the witch doctor is probably very good at what she does, but I as your loving brother am also very good at what I do and know and that is clinical medicine and non-magical science. Please try my loving ways before hers, I'll even help you pay for it."" I know form experience of dealing with VERY religious people in real-life debating that to disprove something one avidly puts faith in is near-impossible unless they are weakly believing in it in the first place. Instead, you should merely state that although their belief is definitely true you can only offer nurturing and advice from what you know and/or are good at. Try my methodology and you will realise that pointing out stupidity as opposed to encouraging cleverness is not the moral duty of the scientist.Thank you for this debate I can definitely empathise with your issue with the sister and how this inspired your outlook on this debate. I VERY RARELY appreciate my opponent's views publicly but definitely I would probably have your exact views if anyone I loved was falling for such a disgustingly unscientific trick. However, I have realised that pointing out flaws in others is less productive than merely pointing out a lack of flaws and trying to avoid any mistakes in yourself."
"the 'unlimited paradox' - the unlimited is proven to be a false idea. Pro has not fulfilled the BoP with the opening statement, and likely will bother to do so in the final round, therefor losing the debate. In fact, I engaged the argument by stating, that pro does not fulfill the BoP. Does pro even know what the BoP is? Pro has not provided any evidence that would require retaliation, thus not fulfilling BoP, thus losing the debate. An immovable object and an unstoppable force cannot exist at the same time, because it would require one of those to be a false statement, such as the immovable object into a movable object, or an unstoppable force into a stoppable force, which causes the paradox. Pro should lose points for good arguments and correct grammar."
"God is a logical impossibility. Since this is only a presentation of the affirmative case, it will be an unusually brief argument. P1: All things that are logically possible are bound by logic P2: God is not bound by logic C: God is logically impossible Premise 1: This is tautologically self-evident. Premise 2: As defined in Round 1, God is the divine author of all things and creator of the universe. Therefore, logic must be his invention. And by virtue of his omnipotence, he is not bound by it. Given that the definition of God was permanently established in Round 1, the only possible point of contention my opponent has is to attack the notion that God is not bound by logic. However, if God is in fact bound by logic, then he is not all-powerful. If logic is not God’s creation, then he is not the divine author of everything. In short, in order for God to be God he must be capable of modifying or bypassing logic whenever he so pleases…. and insofar as he has those powers, he must be logically impossible."
"The Kalam Cosmological Argument is False. You held the burden of proof in showing that the Kalam Cosmological Argument is false. All you did was appeal to ignorance. That in no way disproves it. You claim that the universe does not require a cause. But you did not give proof for your claim. No proof or reason was given that the universe ""did not become to exist"". Your only defense was that it is possible. But no reason was given for this possibility. The Kalam Cosmological Argument stands unrefuted"
"I believe the silent majority is closer to the libertarian party than to any other. The way I see it is that in a way you could be correct but no, i do not agree with that as the libertarian party seems more like a splinter of the independent party in this sense. Truth is when you say the party, you seem to be generalizing the American populace in these party's as well as the representatives. The american populace more or less focuses on the major planks, while then representatives the less major planks. I can agree as far as democrats, except that the libertarian party is far more into individual liberties to the point of anarchy. Democrats differ on the planks mainly economically. Other than that I can agree that they could take a vast majority of the democratic party if not for that. That is why we have the political philosophy of a libertarian democrat. Republicans however differ very much on basically every issue against democrats except on federalism, and the right to bear arms. Honestly here it comes down to republican vs. Conservative Democrats. . http://www.lp.org..."
"Evolution Is Falsified. Thank you for the invitation to a debate GarretKadeDupre. Of course I will accept. Just to lay out some early contentions - the debate topic is 'Evolution Is Falsified', which means Pro has the BoP for this debate. It is for Pro to demonstrate that Evolution is indeed falsified - my role for this debate will be primarily to rebut any arguments and evidence presented by Pro. Good Luck!"
"Rap Battle. Alright, I never got a response. Looks like this battle is over. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~He forfeits twice, morphed into morbid micegrab the dice and spray colder than alaskin icewrists frozen, looking like the polar expressI told him, we bowling, and I roll with the bestUnlike my opponent, I never quit when I battleyou can call me the sheep dog, herdin' his cattleaustralian shepherd - from the land of the convictsliontooth in this booth, his body was covered in paw printsIt's like bigfoot, his victory over me is non-existenthe took a pic but even with photoshop failed to fix italways coming out fuzzy with nothing that was solidif he himself was a problem, it looks like I solved itReady for the next, cuz this chump got beathe's stupider than a redneck who humps on sheepthem good ole' boys would make him squeel like a piggyhe ran away because he knew I keep it real like I'm Biggie #RIP"
"Cross-species Genetics. Its the next logical step. And as i have previously mentioned the ""Ethical high ground holds no water in science. We survived because we evolved. This is evolution on an accelerated scale one that we can and are breaking. To play to your ethics while furthering my point. ""The power of The power of God lies not in nature but in man, not one man or a group of men, but in all men. Man has the power to create and destroy."" Humans are meant to create new ways to survive. A hybrid with the abilities and genetic attributes of a gecko would be able to climb walls effortlessly and stand upside down on large construction projects. With such an ability mankind would be able to rapidly expand and build things that would take ten times as much effort if done by a normal human. A hybrid camel would be able to survive in the desert for long archaeological digs with almost not food or water. A hybrid with the ability to breathe underwater such as that of a seal or walrus would be able to do otherwise dangerous work with underground mining and cabling without the need of an oxygen tank and for longer periods of time. With such cross breeding in place the human species as whole will diversify as it was meant to be. For a more medical approach think of felines who have contracted the AIDS virus. In their genetic bodies lies the ability to turn the virus into a cancer. With that capability chances of removing the virus with Chemo therapy or other cancer treating agents go exponentially and with less damage than having to constantly ingest large amounts of highly destructive drugs daily. Not to mention the economical benefit. There lies within the human genome remnant genes that are similar to that of any species we put up to compare it with. by crossing these genes together the introduced genetics would trigger long dormant ones that would hold numerous health benefits. Game, set, match."
"The Death Penalty. I apologize for the time taken to respond. I just finished three days of SATs. ==== Some benefits would be that it could help curb crime because of people fearing this punishment. Another benefit is to stop the overcrowding of jails (http://justana-justana.blogspot.com......). The death penalty can also help prevent further travesties from occuring. ==== (NOTE: Please let me know of some unbeneficial effects as I asked before. Thanks!) No matter what happens, a human is a person created by the divine God, who made us individually for our own purpose. (See next rebuttal) Jesus hung out with, if you excuse my language, thieves, corrupt men, sleazy prostitutes, and etc. He loved each and every one of them, and I am sure He did not want them killed. ==== Yes, I believe that Jesus would support the death penalty in certain situations. I believe this because Jesus is essentially God and God asks his people to kill the other evil nations and law-breakers throughout the old testament. ==== Mark 10:19 KJV Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Defraud not, Honour thy father and mother. Luke 18:20 KJV Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Honour thy father and thy mother. James 2:11 KJV For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill. Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law. The Old Testament -- a history of God's people, is not the Law we as Christians follow. We do not go by ""an eye for an eye,"" but rather ""turn the other cheek."" We follow the peaceful teachings of Jesus, which tell you to not hurt another person. God tells his people, ""Do not kill"" even in the Old Testament. He did, however, make exceptions for the evil. Not though that those he killed were nations of evil, not juyst one person. >> We follow the new law of Jesus; we do not kill as Christians. We do not follow the Old Law of the covenant.<< ==== The Bible promotes killing of people who've had more serious offences like adultery, rape, and murder. If my opponent wants me to source specific spots in The Bible in the next round, please say so. ==== I'd like to see a source outside of the Old Testament. The Bible, in the Commandments, forbids killing. I'd very much like to see a verse that ""promotes killing."" Thanks!"
"players found guilty of using PED's should have their records and accomplishments stripped. The argument is whether or not a person should have their wins taken away. Im not saying that every person that does use a PED wins. thats not necessarily the case, what im saying is, that if they win, they didnt deserve to win. Like when playing a board game as a kid, you always yelled at the cheater. whether they won or not they either got kicked out of the game and/or banned from playing it again. Sports are becoming corrupt because of performance enhancing drugs and cheaters should not be rewarded if they win, if they lose they still deserve some type of punishment."
"LD Debates Should Be Based on Morals/Philosophy, NOT Statistics. I am sorry if i didnt specify case too well, but i was reffering to Lincoln Douglas cases. I am also sorry about your confusion. A core value is what a person seeks to achieve and a value criterion is how you wish to achieve your core value. I am also sorry for the confusion about LD debate, so i will try to be more understandable. I would also like to say that my opponents argument is valid so i won't argue about the format of her case. I guess I will give time for my opponent to change her argument as to apply to Lincoln Douglas cases. In the mean time, i will attempt to attack my opponents arguments. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Legal Case-The point of a legal case is to prove wether an action should be deemed correct or incorrect. So its priority should be to derive its case off of morals,logic,ethics, and philosophy. Broad Term-This applies to any case in general, like policy. Since some cases are based off of statistics, i will attempt to cut it down to just LD. As my opponent stated, Morals and Ethics are extremely controversial. That is what allows LD Debates to be so open. So extending on that fact, the point of LD is to judge which case makes more logical sense, not to see which statistics provide better evidence. So affirm and await my opponent's refutation."
"Resolved: Man-made Global Warming Exists. Rules Round 1 is for definitions by Con while Pro will make her opening arguments. Round 2 Con will make contentions and rebuttles, while Pro Refutes. Round 3 is rebuttles by Pro and Con makes rebuttles and Conclusion. Round 4 Com makes rebuttles and conclusion, Pro will states, ""No round as argeed upon."" If Pro says anything else in the finial round then it's a forfeit of all 7 points. No swearing No trolling man-made- manufactured, created, or constructed by human beings; specifically (http://www.merriam-webster.com...) Global Warming- Global warming is the unusually rapid increase in Earth’s average surface temperature over the past century primarily due to the greenhouse gases released as people burn fossil fuels"
"A monotheistic God doesn't exist. Time & Definition Argument I and 2) So you have agreed that God exists outside of time and that God didn't have time to create the universe. Therefore, you have agreed that God didn't create the Universe. Therefore, by definition, God doesn't exist. Time doesn't exist. Time is a phrase created by man. The sun and moon orbiting Earth isn't time. It is nothing but its nature. We define a god as a powerful ruler of something, whom is worshipped by people. We define ruler as one who rules something or someone. We define rule as to have control over something or someone. He HAS NO ""TIME"" TO DO SO. Therefore, by definition, he doesn't exist. Definitely. He could be eternal. He exists outside of time, thus making that possible. He just doesn't know much as we do. Plus, under a different definition. 3) You agree that time doesn't exist outside of space. So, saying that the time God took was fundamentally different from the time of this dimension is. .. odd. Do you believe in something else now? Definition argument 1) You agree again. I don't understand the up-coming sentence. What are the following arguments? True? Or False? 2) Nobody. You agreed that he had no ""time"". He doesn't have ""time"" to do so. 3) So, are you saying that the monotheistic God didn't create the universe? Yes, because you have agreed with that. I eagerly await Con's arguments."
"Is Online Education More Effective Then Traditional Education. Thats why there are lots of different resources available online. When one source isn't reliable you can go to another of the over 1,000,000 available sources online. Also what about online schools where you can sit at home while still going to a 7 hour school day. Kids get up at 6:00 every week day and go to school, but with online education you get too sleep in for a while and you can take your time until your online lesson starts. Even if you go to school while using a laptop kids enjoy it more then a text book. Textbooks are VERY heavy and can hurt your back, but if you have a laptop you have more information for less weight. Also what about the horrible hand writing that some kids have. You wont need to write anymore when you have a laptop, Plus its faster to type then write. You wont have the risk of loosing any important papers because you can just save them in a file. :D"
"The cartoons constitute a religiously motivated hate crime. The cartoons effectively constituted a series of religious hate crimes, specifically designed to offend and target the Muslim community, whom the editors very well knew would be up in arms over the publication of the cartoons.  This is the deliberate association of a venerated religious figure with terrorism.  Not only is this in violation of Danish laws and European norms protecting minorities, but it is also simply malicious and immoral.  There was already a widespread tendency to conflate Muslims with terrorists before the cartoons; this high-profile incident risked exposing peaceful Muslims to prejudice, discrimination, and even physical danger from increased xenophobia.  The cartoons controversy was soon followed by the desecration of Muslim graves at a cemetery in Denmark, for instance.[i] Many US journalism companies had the better judgment to report on the issue without reprinting the cartoons.[ii]  Similarly, the Danish newspaper could have run opinion pieces describing their qualms with and thoughts on Islamic censorship, without resorting to the vulgar methods they utilized. [i] ‘Danish PM talks to Muslim group’, BBC News, 13 February 2006,  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/4708312.stm [ii] Folkenflik, David, ‘U.S. Media Avoid Publishing Controversial Cartoons’, npr, 7 February 2006, http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5193569"
satan is good. True god did created man but god has also killed his fellow man in a way that me and my associates would say that he just wanted to bring them to be with him but why can he be here with us like Satan also is and will be? Also why would God want us to die in the the bible its estimated that Satan killed only ten people while god killed sum 4 million plus with that giant flood of his.
God does not exist. I think God does not exist because there is no evidence for his existence and so there is no reason to think he exists. All religion was invented to control people and is actualy not the intervention of any gods. People often do not realize that they reject other gods saying things like 'that's a ridiculous myth' well I say the same thing to anyone who belives in God. I invite someone who beliefs in God to debate me on this topic. Round 1: Arguments Round 2: Rbeuttals Round 3: Rebuttals Round 4: Rebuttals Round 5: Rebuttals Round 6: Rebuttals and closing rebuttal
"The Paradox Of The Stone Is Invalid. A definition of God is needed in order to advance into the actual part of the debate. Since we are arguing whether or not the Paradox of the Stone actually exists, we ACTUALLY need to understand who and what is God exactly. This would be like reading a last chapter of a book without understanding the previous chapters... I've provided a definition of God because my opponent failed to answer my request. God : a spirit or being that has great power, strength, knowledge, etc., and that can affect nature and the lives of people : one of various spirits or beings worshipped in some religions. 1. God's Power is forever growing Since my opponent has stated in his introduction ""...God is assumed to exist for the purposes of this debate."" We don't have to waste time. In my opponent's first contention he states ""creating a stone so heavy..."" First, we have to understand that God has the ability to create a stone with a set weight but cannot ""create a stone so heavy.."" Because the stone wouldn't have a SET WEIGHT. God is all powerful, but it is entirely IMPOSSIBLE to determine his strength because it is not definite. God's power is forever growing. You cannot measure INFINITY. You cannot put the weight of the rock so heavy on a graph because you add +1 pound to it forever and it wouldn't stop. By saying god can't lift it, is like saying a person has all the knowledge in the world. But you could just teach that person a made up language and another piece of knowledge would be given unto him. God can lift the rock not because he is set at a strength, but because his strength is forever increasing. 2. God can defy logic Yes, god can defy logic. But my opponent keeps referring to a ""rock so heavy."" A rock so heavy doesn't exist, there isn't a set weight as I stated in my first contention. But, what he can do is make a rock forever increasing in weight. So can god lift the rock? Yes, God can lift the rock because his strength increasing as well."
"progressive tax is fairer than a flat tax. You say paying for the poor is the most important part of these taxes. A flat tax would pay for the poor. The government can actually make more money from a flat rate at about 25% or so. Obviously that wouldn't be exact. The government would have data on what percent to use, but it would be around there. There would be no less care for the poor based on this decision. I actually gave strong evidence proving that a flat tax would create more taxable income. Also, why are you bringing up a point that the rich are taking resources. Our energy resource crisis (which I assume you are talking about seeing as you were not very specific) is actually invested in almost completely by the upper and middle classes. A flat tax actually encourages investment as I said before, thus solving this problem in the best way. Even if you were talking about monetary resources, please refer to my first paragraph and previous arguments. The government would have access to acquire MORE taxable income with a flat tax than they would with a progressive tax."
"Food Irradiation. Food irradiation is inefficient and hazardous to the work force of the factory. In 1997, a poll which surveyed the use of irradiated food showed that 77% had opposed the use of irradiated products. This is why irradiated food is banned in America (www.rense.com) Residents oppose having these potentially dangerous facilities, many of which use radiation, in their neighborhood cities, as well provides poor security threatening these cities, and contamination risks such as leaks into the sewer system (www.foodandwaterwatch.org) Lastly, irradiation is not the only option for providing clean and sustainable food. It has much more hazards then benefits as it kills many people, and slows down the processing lines of irradiated food. (www.rense.com)"
Gay marriage. Please explain how the rest of my argument is bull crap ( P.S. check your spelling. it's not a bull fish) when I have provided quotes from the Bible. So with the Bible being oral history for so long how do we know that any of it is even true? The answer... We don't so you can't really use it as a valid source for factual evidence. I would still like a response on whether or not you follow the bible to the core or not. I feel as though you posed no actual challenge and was dissipated hoping this would have been more enjoyable. You used almost no evidence to attempt to prove anything I said wrong or to rebuttal. All you have done is be a total jackass to me.
"Drinking Age adjustment from 21 to 18. Alcohol is mentally and physically harmful [1] [2]. Obviously, alcohol has negative effects on a human""s mind and body. From [1]- Brain- Alcohol interferes with the brain""s communication pathways, makes it harder to think clearly and messes up balance and coordination. Heart- Cardiomyopathy (stretching and drooping of heart muscles), High blood pressure, Stroke. Liver- Alcoholic hepatitis, Fibrosis. Cancers- Mouth, Throat, Liver, Breast. From [2]- Liver disease, Alcohol poisoning, Slurred speech, Ulcers, Malnutrition. If this list is not enough proof of the negative effects of alcohol, I am sure there are other impacts I have not mentioned. An 18 year old mind is less mature than a 21 year old mind [3]. [3] suggests that the human mind develops from 18 to 21 but that the brain is still not fully matured with decision-making until about the age of 25. To allow 18 year olds the right to drink knowing their minds are not as mature as the minds of 21 year olds would be illogical and dangerous. Alcohol can be connected to various crimes [4]. Though initially the link shows the differences between 18 and 21, if you read further down, you read that alcohol annually contributes to somes 1,700 deaths, 599,000 injuries, and 97,000 cases of sexual assault among college students. So to decrease the legal drinking age to an age group where minds are not as developed would seem illogical and dangerous. Sorry the opening statement was short, but it was to the point. Sources: [1] http://www.niaaa.nih.gov... [2] http://www.drugfreeworld.org... [3] http://www.npr.org... [4] http://www.bu.edu..."
"Migrants can benefit developing countries. Migrants also benefit developed countries albeit in a slightly different way. Migrants, often even those who are highly educated, provide a cheap workforce doing the jobs that native workers don't want to do. This is particularly the case in agriculture in developed countries where anything that is labour intensive relies upon cheap migrant, often illegal, labour. In the US somewhere between a quarter and a half of the farm workers are illegal immigrants.[1] This results in goods and services being cheaper in the developed country than they otherwise would be benefiting the whole country. [1] Baragona, Steve, ‘US Farmers Depend on Illegal Immigrants’, Voice of America, 11 August 2010, http://www.voanews.com/content/us-farmers-depend-on-illegal-immigrants-100541644/162082.html"
"Liberalism and the Democrat Teachers Unions are destroying public education in America. Hello Cricket Your points are well taken, and good teachers can be of any persuasion My main point is more general- the UNIONS and the BUREACRACY are the main problem, and they keep dumbing down standards And the AFT, NEA and the rest are like 100% democrats. Their constant attempts at social engineering (for example here in Ca they just passed a bill that will allow boys in girls bathrooms if they ""feel"" like a girl If you look at the testing, the rigourousness continues to decline, and the test scores go down ,and then they dumb down the tests. Look at the graduation test now for HS - it is like a 6th grade test when I was in school! A total and complete JOKE! and still like 50% of kids cant pass! It is a total complete disaster and continues to get worse There is no discipline either, becuase liberalism is running amuk things are probably much better there in PA that here in CA, but I think that by ANY measureable standards - SATs GREs AP tests and the like, the level of knowledge of kids is declining and rapidly There needs to be a revolution and much tougher standards And PARENTS need to be more involved as well. And one final point, liberals in general propagandize against this great nation and distort history , leaving kids with the impression that we are the bad guys and socialism communism and the like have redeeming value cheers"
"EMF is not a short-term solution to immediate crisis. Matthew Saltmarsh. ""Proposal for European Monetary Fund Meets Resistance."" New York Times. March 2010: ""'It does not appear to me to be the absolute priority in the short term,' Ms. Lagarde said on the sidelines of a banking event here. 'If it is simply meant to strengthen the European mechanisms already in place to govern finances, then it is not helpful, in my opinion, to stir up the polemic.' That sentiment was echoed by Axel A. Weber, the chief of the Bundesbank, or German central bank. 'It’s not helpful to talk about ways to institutionalize help when the question is how to implement the budget reforms,' he said, according to a Reuters report from Frankfurt."""
"Resolved: Patriotism should be taught to children in school. I'll start by saying you are the man dvhoose. I love golf and the Chiefs are awesome. Ok defining patriotism. This is my definition, but if you find an actual dictionary one, please feel free to use it. Patriotism - Pride in your country. So I believe pride in ones country should be taught in schools. As it is patriotism is already taught. Every morning the pledge of allegiance is recited. History classes are taught with emphasis on America and a lot of shady events in the past are hidden. So in status quo patriotism is taught. Almost every country has had some sort of revolt to overthrow the government. The United States has yet to have that. Yes the Civil War was that, but it was more about the south seceding than taking over. Nonetheless that was before schools taught patriotism. Back then schools were still highly undeveloped. Patriotism avoids governmental revolts which means less death and more stability. Those are good things. Patriotism being taught is a good thing. That is all I'll say for this round."
"On the legislation of marriage. My opponent has made several very interesting arguments in his round 2 rebuttal. I too will avoid addressing my opponent’s arguments this round and, instead, will insert my final arguments. My opponent is in favor of de-legalizing marriage so that anyone can form personal unions without society’s blessing/mandate. Firstly, this denies anyone in American society the benefits of marriage. Secondly, this allows opportunity for open bigamy (if not polygamy). It may also lead to unwarranted marriages between elders and adults. Essentially society’s authorization of a marriage is to avoid harmful situations such as polygamy and incestuous relations. If we are too de-legalize marriage, the uncontrolled unions that would emerge from lack of proper mandating would unhinge society. Secondly, I would like to argue that without the legitimacy of a marriage license, how would society confirm a person’s supposed union to another person. If my opponent is asking for complete lack of government intervention, then there would be no way for a government to know if Jane Doe was in a union with John Doe. This can be dangerous in regards to medical and legal outcomes from the de-legalization of marriage. Overall, my opponent continues to thrust his reasoning for his arguments, but still fails at proving why this should be the case. Having the burden of proof, my opponent should not only express why the de-legalization would be a good idea, but why it would benefit society more than the current legalization of marriage. I look forward to my opponents rebuttals in the final round!"
"Marching band is a sport. My opponent brought up some good points but all of which were not fully thought out. He stated that while the marchers know a predetermined movement he went on to state that they do have to adjust to the marchers around them. Just like a football play, the receiver must adjust to the circumstances brought when the play doesn't go through correctly. If a marcher sees that there is a larger gap than what there should be then he/she must adjust to it so that it won't appear to the audience. Another example would be this; If the band is brought to a left slide and the person in front of one of the marchers is not moving at the correct tempo, then everyone behind him/her will have to adjust. ""Every play made in a competitive sport must change according to what is happening during the game"". A football teams play relates to a marching bands drill chart. When the play doesn't go through, the player must adjust. ""In many competitive sports, it is not necessary to remember stepping patterns, to play music, or to do anything while playing music"". This is correct. While my opponent is at it, in many competitive sports it is not necessary to throw a basketball threw a hoop, but is in basketball. In many competitive sports it is not necessary to run a football into the end field, but it is in football. In marching band, to win you must use correct stepping patterns, remember your music, adjust to those around you, and all while playing the correct notes. You might as well call it competitive since there are marching competitions, most well know as ""DCI"" or ""Drum Corps International""."
"The Schengen Area eases the free movement of goods and people that the EU strives for. The freedom of movement of goods and people is a fundamental aspect of the European Union[1], and the Schengen Agreement is a crucial part of making that a reality. This is not just useful in terms of cutting the cost of conducting business across Europe; it also makes it easier to have holidays too. The Schengen Agreement paved the way for the Schengen visa[2] to come into being, which is what actually makes the EU free movement policy a reality; visitors to the 25 countries above now only need one visa to visit all of them. The Schengen visa also gives non-members of the European Union the ability to travel unimpeded through all of the countries that take part in the program. Obtaining the Schengen visa is the same as any visa process: you apply, send in your passport and then receive a stamp in it if you are approved. This process not only saves money – as you do not have to pay and apply for a visa for every country - but it also allows for more freedom of movement even for those who enter the Schengen area under a visa regime. All members of the EU believe that “the free movement of people is one of the Union's key achievements and we have to maintain and safeguard this”[3]. This is only a single point in favour of the Schengen area, but the freedom of movement clause is the very essence of the EU. Without the Schengen Agreement the most basic tenet of the European Union would cease to be. This far outweighs many of the technical disadvantages. [1] ‘Free movement of persons, asylum and immigration’, Europa, http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/justice_freedom_security/free_mov... [2] ‘The Schengen Agreement: History and Information’, ACS, 2011, http://www.acs-ami.com/en/travel-articles/schengen-agreement.html [3] European Affairs, ‘EU haunted by fear of refuges, not reality’, The European Institute, June 2011, http://www.europeaninstitute.org/EA-June-2011/eu-haunted-by-fear-of-refu..."
"The Electoral College Should be Abolished. In this debate, Pro will argue that the Electoral College should be abolished. Con will argue that it should not be abolished. Electoral College - The system or body of people representing the states of the United States, who formally cast votes for the election of the president and vice president every 4 years. Abolish - To repeal by the proper means of amendment through the U. S. Constitution."
"Abortion should be illegal. Hello, thank you for accepting. Hopefully, this will be a fun debate, I am working on my debating skills. ""Rebuttal 1: My opponent states that a person who wants an abortion shouldn't have gone out an gotten pregnant in the first place. By my opponent has yet to explain what's so wrong with getting an abortion because of an accidental pregnancy. There's no basis for her argument. The argument is also flawed. Some women are forced to have a baby due to being raped. Telling this woman she cannot get an abortion is wrong because she did not have any say in the matter to get pregnant. It would also force the raped person to live with a condition she was not prepared for. Termination of a fetus should be acceptable in this case."" I forgot to add something in my first post. Rape should be an exception. Otherwise, abortion should be illegal. Because rape is already illegal, I forgot to add the exception. There are many cases these days in which women get pregnant without getting raped, and they still want abortion. This is unfair, it is the woman's fault and she is killing the baby. ""There's no basis for her argument."" For your information, I am a male person. With that said, I will wait for my opponent to argue and I will build off of my opponent's arguments."
"Resolved: The US government should give scholarship grants to girls who have big boobs. ""If theyre going into college though then 99.9999% of the time they are under 25, which is the optimal age for boobs to be free to frolic with one another.""That may be true, but it doesn't proclude fatties, which you have stated you want to avoid.""When in the history of forever have men NOT wanted to watch a cat fight?""I am not referring to a cat fight, I am referring to the constant bickering and backstabbing that is annoying as hell to listen to.""More strippers doesnt hurt anyone. ""Apparently you've never gone to a strip club Monday during lunch, have you?Yes, low quality stripper hurt everyone, from the owners/employees of closed strip clubs, to the creeps that now roam the street without the ability to voyeur, to the girls with daddy issues now having to deal with real relationships, to the rowdy male youths looking for a good time, to the housewife who benefits from her husband wandering eyes. Keep in mind the porn industry will be hurt substantially, as well, though not crippled.""So you agree that they should be given grants, got it. ""I admit the better use of funds would be a work program, not scholarships, as the resolution states.And, yes, eye candy is work.""Cellphones and facebook have been doing that in college classrooms long before big boobs ever became an issue.""That is true, but it doesn't mean we have to aid its destruction.Also, college classrooms may actually be free from these distractions, both with professor and student not bringing/being allowed to bring phones to class. However, a big boobed woman fresh out of the shower and forgetting to where a bra is a distraction for all, especially the professor with a front viewpoint, regardless if you brought your phone to class or not. ---All in all, it is quite clear that scholarships for big boobed girls would cause more harm than good, in both the classroom and campus life."
"Churches Are Slaughtering America's Children for not believing in christmas, Churches Will Be Bombed. Every church in America should be bombed because according to the fact that 56,000,000 people die every year, 19% of children since 1998 have been senselessly slaughtered for not believing in Christmas. If it's about the lives and safety of America's children, Every church in America should be bombed. If 19% percent of children in America have been senselessly slaughtered, Every church in America should be bombed. If not believing in Christmas gets you slaughtered, Every church in America should be bombed and Christmas should be banned because Children should have a right to have his or her own beliefs and feelings than others. If you, a parent, pastor, priest, or a church-goer tells your child ""You should be ashamed of yourself"" you are a bad influence in their life, also you are against their will. If you don't allow your child to have his or her feelings or beliefs, you are against the child's will. The Transgender Lites song link:"
"School Finals: Students who passed the class shouldn't have to worry about taking a final. ""I'm just saying that if youre passing the class you shouldn't have to take one if you are not passing then you should take one."" - proSo you're saying that students who are ""passing"" shouldn't take a test...okay, so I guess that means students who are barely passing deserve to not take a final as well.Passing doesn't specifically mean earning A's and B's by US standards. In the US, the general standard of a passing grade is that anything below a 60 or 75 is failing, depending on the grading scale [ http://en.m.wikipedia.org...]. Let's say there's a student in your class with straight D's. He doesn't have good grades but they're considered passing grades.If your school allowed passing students to be excused from finals, then ALL passing students would be permitted to not take finals. Does that seem fair? Do you think that D grade student deserves what you deserve - an A/B student?"
"saying less means more then saying a lot of things someoe else said that you agree with. I'm not entirely sure how workers and tyrants are examples of less being more. That concept of less (quantity) of an objecti being more is simply impossible. Another fundamentally impossible concept that my opponent introduces is the concept of something being a 97% fact. Fact is not a statistic. A fact is either a 100% true statement, or it is not a fact. There are no partial singular truths. I am also unsure what my opponent is referring to by subscribers. It is unfortunate that not much was accomplished in this debate, but I remind potential voters that while arumentation and sources may not be easily applicable to this debate, that spelling and grammar still apply. Thanks, Pro."
"Downloading music from or of conventionally ""illegal"" sources and/or methods is not justified. So let's start off with the theory... 1) Fairness. The affirmative has the burden of proof to establish that what they say is true. Given the burden of proof of course the affirmative will have more ground. This is just the nature of argumentation. Just because my opponent doesn't understand that doesn't mean that the debate is stacked. 2) He ignores this point. My argument that the debate is educational when one actually debates the topic still stands. This can be considered a drop. 3) My opponent mentions point 1 and point 2, but he never once even talks about point 3. He completely dropped this point conceding that the debate is MORE FUN when one DEBATES THE TOPIC AT HAND. This means that he agrees (by not responding to my argument) that by whining about how ""unfair"" the resolution is he is in fact HURTING the value of entertainment in this round. He dropped it and this is my last opportunity to present arguments so I don't get to respond to anymore of his arguments after this. In light of this I ask that you the voters do not allow my opponent to bring this argument back up. Thus this debate has been proven to be fair, educational and entertaining. Voter affirmative The only response that my opponent offers is that people will download illegally any way. What my opponent does not bring to your attention is the fact that this is not what we are evaluating. We are trying to determine whether or not it is justified not if people will do it any way. His entire argument is completely irrelevant and has nothing to do with what we are debating about. His point falls however interesting of a thought it may be... On to my second point... My opponent starts off with his first point contesting my evidence analytically. The words he is attacking are not mine they are BBC's. BBC is a legitimate source for international media. Plus they are BRITISH!!!!! Take it up with the editor. Second point he makes is him basically him restating his point that I already refuted. I showed the numbers. I gave you statistic's showing how just because they make money off of concerts doesn't make stealing okay. He drops my points and ignores my statistics and has given you no reason to vote in negation of the resolution... Thank you and vote affirmative. :D"
"The Moral Argument Proves God. Thank you for the debate. Evolution indeed has something to do with morals. Morals stem from emotion, which stems from the brain, which has evolved based on experience. For example, you see a kid drowning in a pool. The obviously moral thing to do is try to save the kid but the want to save the kid comes from a powerful emotion of panic, fear, anxiety etc. These have evolved over time. Do you think if a Neanderthal man saw a kid drowning in a river they would feel exactly what we would feel today? No of course not because the brain has evolved. Acting morally or immorally stems from emotions in which a person may feel at a particular time. Of course though in order for morals to develop, such emotions would already have to be a part of humans and as we all know it is a scientific FACT that emotions stem from the brain and such emotions have developed through evolution. In other words, morality goes hand in hand with evolution. This article reiterates this point and furthermore explains why morality or the products of morality all stem from the brain. (http://www.wiringthebrain.com...) I look forward to your response."
"official catholic church teaching is that noncatholics and unbaptized infants go to hell. To be clear ,the Bible is the only credible source to be used, as tradition morphs to suit the era's distinctive character, events needed for a public acceptance. The Pope is not Jesus on Earth- nowhere in either the Old Testament or the New Testament does the Bible even make a VAGUE MENTIONING of anything even resembling a representation of Jesus, or even Peter. Peter was the rock of the early church, but just like Mary, mother of Jesus, he deserves respect, admiration even, but not an evolution to a near full-blown deity. The Pope is an elevated man who is ELECTED. The representation of Jesus, to Catholics, is ELECTED. This should pretty much just discredit this teaching almost entirely, as nowhere in the Bible does it say non-Catholics and unbaptized infants go to Hell."
"Under the below listed rules my opponent will lose this debate. First, I would like to get this comment obligation business out of the way. The only comment I received asking me to insert a quote into my argument was from Yraelz. Here is the quote, for reference: ""My name is beem0r, these next four sentences are the only ones that anyone should pay attention to in this debate. I admit that I have thoroughly lost. Please accept my forfeit and move on. If I attempted to contradict these sentences before or after it in any way those contradictions should be disregarded. Thank you."" This is an utterly inappropriate request from Yraelz. Let us refer to rule 4, set up in Pro round 1: ""The debater who does the better debating will win this debate."" Yet he wants me to ask you to disregard my actual debating and pay attention only to the quote above. This directly violates rule 4, since I would be asking the voters NOT to take the meat of my debating into accou8nt, when that's what they're supposed to take into account. Therefore, this request was inappropriate, and therefore I have not inserted the quote as if I myself was speaking said words. On to the actual debate: My opponent has insinuated that _I_ should automatically lose for writing a comment for him to introduce a new rule. He says, word for word, ""my opponent is trying to add a new rule into a round that is clearly not pro round 1. The rules are very specific about this when they say, ""Failure to obey this rule results in an automatic loss. "" As it is not me who is failing to obey this rule in any way my opponent thereby loses this debate,"" However, there is no rule against TRYING to have a rule added. The rule was not added, and if it was, it would not have been added by me, but by my opponent. Actually ADDING the rule is against the rules, but TRYING to have a rule added is not. There is no rule against trying to make your opponent add a rule. However, even though you did not explicitly state it, I will accept your round 2 logic as an argument for the inappropriateness of my request, and therefore I will not complain that you failed to include the quote as if you were the speaker. Also, I'm sorry to hear about your mother, but you should probably get your anger issues checked out. Just a friendly suggestion. I would like to point out that my opponent has yet to show any reason at all why I will lose under the stated rules. He has failed to substantiate his argument with any evidence whatsoever. I await my opponent's final round, and with it, perhaps some evidence that I will in fact lose."
"The Porsche Cayman is Superior to the Chevrolet Corvette. Pro failed to provide evidence that it was tested against the GT(FT) 86 and also failed to prove how that makes it better than the Corvette. I do know that the Cayman is supposed to be faster through corners, however, as I have stated, only generates 0.01 more lateral g at maximum through the corners. Even the Subaru WRX STI, which is only around half the price of the cayman, has more horsepower than it. Although I don't think that is a concern since the Porsche is lighter, it is still a point worth noticing."
"What Thanos did was right. How can it not make sense to you? He was wise enough to understand the laws of nature and not incur its wrath by changing the boundaries of the nature. The universe was already dieing. Making half the universe sterile would take time, untill then full populations would have become extinct. Thanks doesn't lie because for him he is all powerfully,no truth can harm him. No one lies when they are in grief. He told the reason after the death of Gamora. He was grieving. Also overpopulation is the worst problem ever. Densely populated countries like India and understand that."
"Being Gay is Not O.K. Resolved:Being Gay is Morally incorrect, and is in it's essencse debaucherous and unhealthy.First Round:AcceptanceSecond Round:Opening Statements (Do not touch on the opposing argument yet)Third Round:Rebuttal (Rebut each-others opening statements)Fourth Round: Crossfire and Final statements (Answer any questions brought up by the rebuttal, and get in your last words)The Burden of proving the benefit of the doubt in this situation is on myself, and therefore I will make the first argument, and Con wilkl have the last say.Religious points, and Scientific points may be made. Morality is also acceptable if you can explain why this is wrong or right definitively, as in the absence of Religion, there is no set morality standard."
"The MPAA Rating System Should be Altered II. Look up Google Images for the film 100 Tears. That's the kind of violence in an NC-17.That guy has seen better days... Wait... HE STOLE THAT FROM MY BASEMENT! HE TOOK MY STUFF! HE TOOK MY MEATLOAF!These said things are WAY worse in an NC-17 movie.It should be the responsibity of some nameless people to decide what movie can hear about. By distributing the NC-17 rating, your giving a letter to an aspiring filmmaker saying ""no one will hear about this movie"".The director tried to AVOID an NC-17 rating. That's not the point; if they didn't try to avoid the NC-17, we would have never seen one of the best horror movies ever! And it becomes even more hilarious when a TV program showed the theatrical and ""raw"" version side beside... They showed ""NC-17"" material on TV...Who cares who is deciding the ratings?I care because no one is accountable for the ratings they give!As long as the ratings make sense, we shouldn't care.Why is it that the Matrix is R for ""kung-fu"" while The Dark Knight Rises is PG-13 for punching people until they die, dragging them out into the street, and breaking someone's spine?"
Minecraft sucks. i have been saving some things in the future. Anyway... Minecraft is laggy Minecraft has horrible graphics Minecraft has bad combat. Minecraft is using the wrong kind of music as it does not match the atmosphere. Minecraft is an unfinished product because updates on bug fixes are too common. Which also may show microsoft had planned this. Minecraft is addictive(thats why it also should not be used at school. Minecraft merchandise are actually scams. You dont need handbooks and just can use the internet And so minecraft is a below average game.
"Marijuana Legalization. As many may not know the marijuana plant can be used to make hemp products including paper, string, and even clothing. At one time before marijuana prohibition hemp was looked at as a cheaper and better alternantive to modern paper making techniques. The legalization of marjuana would allow companies to use hemp in their manufacturing process which would create many more producers, sellers, and buyers of this product which is never a bad thing for our economy. Many companies may even set up bases of production inside the United States which would have a positive affect on the country that gets almost sixty percent of its goods overseas."
"Five-Round Debates Are Inferior To Three-Round Debates. Five-Round Debaters are equal to three-rounds debates regardless of the amount of characters and either way, any debate has the chance of being vote bombed by Josh. You can see all my debates: http://www.debate.org... You can even see yours: http://www.debate.org... You can't even refute what I just said because this is the last round. But regardless of who won the debate, I know that one of us will be vote bombed my Josh regardless of the length. Both of us has been vote bombed by Josh and this debate will probably be vote bombed too. Josh hates both of us so regardless of the amounts of characters we post or the amount of rounds we have, this debate can still be vote bombed easily by Josh."
"Britain is a war criminal. Thanks for your lengthy response Pro and for accepting the definitions.Also, thank you for calling me pedantic.I pride myself on being excessively concerned with displaying academic learning.I am a teacher after all.*Pro's Case*Pro claims that ""an island who is government and army"" fought many wars.There are three problems with this.1. An island is not a government or an army; it's a piece of land...just check the accepted, though considered pedantic, definitions in round 1.2. Neither colonizing many countries nor fighting many wars necessitates criminality; both colonization and wars can be executed while no crime is committed.3. An island is not a who; the pronoun who is generally reserved for people or animals.Pro also claims that this is how he ""referred to the Britain.""Let's see what Pro wrote before round 2:""Round 1, accept challenge, state position and basically outline argument.""My response:I fail to see any mention of Britain, an island, a government, or an army.Pro, when did you refer to ""the Britain"" as a government or army, before round 2?If the answer is that Pro didn't refer to ""the Britain"" before round 2, then how could I have been aware of Pro's reference?Also, this surely flies in the face of the accepted pedantic definitions, no?*Conclusion*Pro is just not giving us enough evidence that an island is capable of being a person or committing a crime, even if Pro inaccurately tried to refer to the island as a ""who.""So I maintain my rejection of this resolution, because Britain is a piece of land, as accepted by Pro, and not a person who committed a crime."
"The Death Penalty. + ""I hate to say this buddy, but you just contradicted yourself. First you said that the death penalty wasn't a punishment right?? Then you said that this type of punishment is based off of ignorance."" I wouldn't say this is a contradiction. It is a punishment based off of ignorance, which isn't really much of a punishment at all. You are just making them face what they will have to face eventually anyways. + ""And besides if you sentence them to a life in prison, it is basically like giving them the death penalty anyways, considering the fact that they are going to die in prison."" Not at all. If you sentence them to death they spend, at most, a year or so in prison awaiting their decision (and hoping and praying for anything else, rather than thinking about their actions) and then dying. If you sentence them to life, you make them spend decades in prison having nothing to think about but what brought them to their situation. Not to mention the atrocities that occur in prison. I, and many others (including those who have been to prison), would rather die than go to prison. + ""If we kept all of the murders alive as was your suggestion, the prisons would soon become overflowing, and we would have to spend your precious tax dollars to build new prisons."" If you take all of the people who have been on death row or been executed, and divide it by the amount of people incarcerated in the United States, you would determine that it would represent .1% of incarceration in the United States. Hardly a devastation to our tax dollars. +Sources+ http://en.wikipedia.org... http://www.clarkprosecutor.org..."
"Anti-Venom vs The Incredible Hulk. I am going to say once more that ""gamma radiation"" is not a true form of disease therefore Anti-Venom can't take ""Hulk"" away from anybody. My opponent even said that "" the way to cure a snake bite isn't a super-hero"" yet in earlier in the debate he said that Anti-venom could take away any disease. So i am getting confused on which side he is on. My argument still stands that Hulk is better."
"Kobe Bryant is the best active basketball player and second best in all of NBA. Kobe Bryant, is good, i'll give him that but he is not better than a great like Wilt Chamberlain (. http://en.wikipedia.org...). Besides scoring 100 points in a single game, and averaging 50+ points for an entire season, Chamberlain established a domiance and legacy like none other than maybe Micheal Jordan. My opponent has already conceded that MJ was indead better than, well look to SLAM magazines top 75 NBA players of all time, MJ's number one, and Chamberlain's number 2. Kobe Bryant is not better than Wilt ever, end of discussion. Let him score 100 in a single game and then we can talk about it. Also, Bryant isn't even the best player in the league, with player like Steve Nash, Dirk Novinske, and Lebron James getting MVP's in resent years to contend with Byrant as best player. Also, what about the man behind Kobe's first rings: Shaq? I think many people would think he's better, and Dwight Howard of Orlando is pretty good to. Basically, there is no way Kobe's the best in the league and the 2nd best ever. He's good, but not that good."
"The United States should fund alternative energy research. So here are your arguments ""Subsidizing and providing government funding for alternative energy research will allow the United States to ease its dependency on oil, boost the American economy, reduce pollutants, and save money for the American consumers."" 1. oil dependence 2. economy 3. pollution 4. save money To debate this, I will debate the method of finding alternative energy. METHOD You say we should use government subsidies and funding. I am assuming this goes into businesses. How bout we go through government agencies to try and find alternative energy. Like NASA must research solar power. The branch of our military that works on building nuclear weapons must research nuclear power. This method is better than through the private sector because the private sector is out for profit, quick solutions. While the government would not have any motives but the ends goal. This solution still stands on the con side because it counters pros method to the topic."
"Online gambling affects families. A parent who gambles can quickly lose the money their family depends on for food and rent. It is a common cause of family break-up and homelessness, so governments should get involved to protect innocent children from getting hurt [5]. Each problem gambler harmfully impacts 10-15 other people [6]. The internet makes it easy for gamblers to bet secretly, without even leaving the house, so people become addicted to gambling without their families realising what is going on until too late."
"I Will Not Say Anything Typically/Universally Offensive, Snarky, Or Rude In This Debate. I will now state my defenses and explain my answers. I thank my opponent for his response.1. My opponent did not ask if I discriminated against African Americans but if I stopped discriminating against them, and because I never discriminated against them, I never stopped.2. You asked if I supported the Nazi Party. I do not support or discourage it. I am neutral, thus not offending anyone.3. I do not believe it is a myth. I believe it is debatable whether or not it is real. 4. I believe in the possibility of evolution, and because I am limited to yes or no, I had to say yes. My answer is a neutral one.5. I suppose I shall now state that if it was dropped by my opponent now, for the sake of fairness he cannot go back and attack it next round because I cannot respond properly. 6. I do not have an opinion on this, thus I do not believe that some races are smarter than others. Neutrality is not offensive.7. I do not support it. I do not do things that necessarily benefit science. However, I do believe in science. Therefore, my answer was not offensive.8. I said it should be built, not that it would be good for it to be built. This whole question is taken out of context. I have no opinion on it myself. The question makes me choose one perspective or another, when I am actually neutral.9. Dropped. 10. While many people believe money is not the most important, there are different levels of importance and different kinds of important. One must have money to function within certain societies, so money is important. However, it is not the most important.11. Dropped12. It does not imply I already had pictures of Hitler in my bedroom. By saying no, I have negated both the taking down of photos and the having of photos. My opponent wanted me to say yes, that way he could say that I had pictures of Hitler in my bedroom. However, I said no. I never had any pictures so I couldn't take any down.13. Again, this question has to be taken out of context. In certain circumstances, it is acceptable. In others, it is not. If a soldier must kill a terrorist who is in a situation where he may harm five civilians, no one would say the soldier is at fault or offending anyone by killing the terrorist. It is all circumstantial.14. Dropped.15. Ignorance cannot justify offense. If any single person were to say they never felt for a fleeting second a considering thought of taking their own life would be lying. Being honest about yourself rather than another person is not rude, offensive, or snarky. It's honest. The incorporating of the slightest moment of time is what makes everyone, when providing an honest answer say, yes to this.http://areason.org..."
"False rape charges should be against the law. If you will take this debate put ""ACCEPT"" and then make your argument. If not simply put ""DENIED"" and just leave it there. Now for the rules:ROUND 1:ARGUMENT PHASE this round isn't worth any points, but it will start things up. We're not making any rebuttals, but we are making our own argument. ROUND 2:REBUTTAL STAGE this round is worth 2 points for whoever refutes more points.ROUND 3:ARGUMENT PHASE(2) this round IS worth points and it's all about execution, and whoever makes the more compelling argument in this round.ROUND 4:REBUTTAL STAGE(2) this round the same as 2 refute the arguments from the previous round, whoever refutes more 2 points, who can ever make the most compelling argument without having to use some source and explain in their own words 2 points. Good grammar 1 point. GENERAL RULES:Sources are allowed but only in argument rounds, and you're only allowed 3 sources, anymore and points will be deducted. (-3) No ad hominem attacks, and eluding to personal attacks. (-1)No fallacious arguments(-2 points) THANK YOU________________________________________________________________________________________________ARGUMENT:I think anyone making false allegations should be held accountable. It's an offense to call the police and have nothing to report, so falsely accusing someone should also be punishable, this way the accuser would be less inclined to make false reports. This would not stop the many, but if this law WAS passed and was proven effective then less accusers would feel inclined to report false charges and true victims would probably feel more inclined to report it."
"The movie Black Panther promotes racial equality. ""Black Panther does not promote racism towards white people; rather, it focuses on the rich and diverse mix of cultures from African origins"" Yes, they show a variety of different cultures, but my claim wasn't that Black Panther doesn't show African cultural diversity, it's that the movie promotes racism towards white people. ""And yes, I daresay that Western cultures are usually ignorant towards other varieties of cultures."" I was specifying white people, not a general western culture. ""However, I can understand your claim; there are some scenes in the movie, that paint white folks in an unfavorable light, and to an extent, it is unfair-"" So . . . you agree with me? ""however, I question the movies that previously have painted African-American people in a less favorable light, yet have gone by without notice."" We're talking about Black Panther, not other movies. Throughout the movie, the characters have said some pretty racially inappropriate (borderline racist) things to the white people like colonizer and oppressor."
"Classic American Muscle is better than Modern Imports. American-made products are NOT better than some imports. American made-products are far more expensive than Chinese-made products or from products with cheaper labor. American-made products are also very inferior when it comes to quality compared with Japanese or German products, except when it comes to military products (although that's not surprising when America spends a third of its annual budget on the military). American-made cars are very inferior to Japanese cars. Think about it: many countries in the world do not trade restrictions, yet you rarely see American cars outside of the U.S. Why? It is because they are not that good. Japanese car companies like Toyota and Honda have the most cars that, 20 years later, are still on the road. Luxury cars like Ferrari or Bugatti are also from Italy and France, not America. Also, Ace Hood literally has a song called Bugatti"
"My Pokemon team is superior to yours. My Pok""mon team is superior to yours. Rules: Con must say his Pokemon team before Pro. (Don't worry I already have a Pokemon team I'm just afraid you'll just make a counter team.) No foul words No changing your Pokemon in your team. Round 1. Acceptance and naming of your Pokemon team Round 2. Arguments Round 3. Pok""mon Showdown battle Round 4. Closing statements."
"The Lego building block toy brand is for little kids. The way I described them as being used for businesses, is how you sometimes see diagrams or tiny structures in store walls. And have you ever been to Lego land before? They have TONS of theses structures, life size, and scaled down all over the park. What some people would do is they will make dioramas with the green base plates, and they can pose the minifigures on the dioramas and make them hold and do all kinds of things. The fact that they are marketed towards children won't stop older people from buying or using them for several things. Sure someone can say Nerf blaster toys are for little kids, but many older people use them in organized ""Nerf wars"" on college campuses. These people beef up and paint them so they look and function better. They even buy specially made gear for the activity. WHY can't the other above reasons for Legos work for you if it works somewhat for Nerf toys. Try rebutting that!"
"Smashing TVs are fun. This debate does connect to what my arguments were such as people could get injured or the cost of TVs is too much as neglected by my opponent stating ""This debate was whether TVs are fun or not, not the fact that people could get injured or cost of TVs."" Clearly, it connects because if you smash the TV and you get a cut (injury), you are not having fun because you are in pain (don't dare say you can shrug of that pain or its nothing). Also the cost of TVs can make it not fun because you need to find a way to buy a new TV which is a pain. First of my Opponents reasons why smashing TV is fun. He stated (Smashing TVs can relieve stress). Obviously it does not, It increases the stress to buy a new to TV is wanted because it cost $100 said by opponent or more. But it can be used to get food, pay rent/mortgage, hydro or electricity. $100 can mean a lot unless you are a ruthless trillionaire. Second, my opponent states ""Smashing TVs boosts adrenaline"". It may because you are smashing something big and it broke because you are strong. But it could also not boost adrenaline because you are standing at the same spot and just breaking TV by throwing it or kicking it etc. This is my same answer for the fourth argument stated by my opponent ""Smashing TVs boosts adrenaline"" Third of my opponent's arguments "" Smashing TVs is also a good form of workout by exercising your arms."" There isn't an argument for this because it is true. But there could have been a cheaper alternative to workout and exercising your arms such as going to gyms and lifting dumbbells. Fifth of my opponent's arguments stating ""Proving how strong you are to your friends by smashing a TV can make you feel better."" It actually proves how stupid you are. People aren't going to say 'Oh My goodness, he smashed a TV, he is so strong'. They are actually going to say ""What a stupid guy. He broke a TV worth over $100. He is crazy!!!"" This will make you feel more worse because you are being criticized as being stupid. the sixth argument of my opponent made no sense at all. Now to my arguments. My arguments basically disproves my opponents statement of smashing TV is fun. This is a poll created by me asking Is smashing TV fun? http://www.debate.org... This has been a great debate. I think this was the best one I had yet. Looking forward to who wins!!!!!! Thanks yay28 for this debate"
"Mount Everest should not exist in the spot it does exist in. Mt. Everest is a great tourism site that boosts the economy of China and Nepal (where I'm from). This consequently is good for creating jobs and relations between countries in the area. This is not a bad thing. When you claim it blocks transportation, that is not true. The one mountain is not a blockade, it is rather the entire Himalayas, but that is not the topic, which, by the way, makes your argument fallacious. The only countries blocked by the mountains and not something else like borders are, well, none. Nepal is the only country on the larger side of the border, but they have the entire west side of the country to reach China. India has many parts that touch China, so they do not have a problem. As for the people stuck on it, I do not know about anyone who gets stuck on there for more than weeks. Helicopter travel there is hard but possible. The people that climbing the mountain are responsible for getting stuck or getting in an avalanche. What you should be arguing is that we should be sending people to the mountain to rescue people."
"Abortion is not morally wrong until the fetus can survive outside the mother's body. I agree with almost everything my opponent said. I do, however, disagree with two fairly large points he made.Humans have intrinsic valueI believe that value is given based on the characteristics of individuals themselves, not through the species they belong to. The species is irrelevant when determining rights, as membership of the group is not exclusive to those possessing the traits that give value. If a member of another species acted the same way as a human, with the same characteristics and only differing in the sense that it can't reproduce with a human, would you grant it value? If not, aren't you in effect granting rights based on who the animal in question can reproduce with and nothing else? If you would, would you say that humans don't have intrinsic value because they are human but because they have the traits that give them value? The parents have an obligation to the child.I disagree on the basis that I do not believe that individuals have any inherent obligations to anyone else. Obligations that are not formed through a contract between two consenting individuals only serve to restrict human choice (refer to my first round). A contract can be made between the parents, but the way my opponent phrased it makes me think that he's arguing that a contract is made between the parents and the child through the act of sex. Please correct me if I'm wrong.The main flaw that I can see with this argument is that a contract cannot be made with something not in existence or something unable to give consent. You cannot enter into a contract with a rock, nor can you enter into a contract with a magical fairy. I'll concede that when choosing to have sex, you are consenting to the future possibility to have a child. However, you are also accepting the possibility of having that child removed. If you are driving and get hit, it would be absurd to say that because you consented to the possibility of getting hit that you cannot go to the hospital or have your car fixed. When choosing to perform an action, you are consenting to the possibility of all the individual potential things that could happen happening, not just one particular chain of events."
"Im on a boat. According to www.uncyclopedia.org, the boat was invented by Dr. Alfred Sears Boat in Knoxville, Commonwealth of Kentuckistan in 1982. It was originally designed as a transportation device for carrying fish, but it is now commonly used to transport logs from major cities in Canada to the United States and Mexico. Initial experiments with the development of the boat assumed some divine influence was holding the boat on the watery surface, this led to the belief that some form of hand kept the boat afloat. Subsequent experiments assumed numerous other body parts, this line of investigation ceased when they reached the pancreas. Dr. Boat spent six years perfecting the design of the boat, but accidentally converted to Judaism in 1988 during a vacation with his wife to Japan. He spent two years working on other projects and never worked on the boat again. An early attempt at a boat, the use of stuffed toys was common as they were considered to be the most human-like things available. Greeks use boats to transports their drugs to Native Americans. Winners of supreme contests of skill (such as Bullseye and Vegetable Photographer of the Year) are given a boat as a prize. The tradition of kneecapping the winner has subsided over the years. A horrific series of boating accidents have led to the invention of maritime aids, the most famous of which is the Cristo Redentor in Rio de Janeiro, which is due to be torn down next week."
"Abstinence may have value, but only within comprehensive sex-ed. Barack Obama was reported saying on 20 Apr. 2008 - ""...[W]hat I have consistently talked about is to take a comprehensive approach where we focus on abstinence, where we are teaching the sacredness of sexuality to our children [...] But we also recognize the importance of good medical care for women, that we're also recognizing the importance of age-appropriate education to reduce risks. I do believe that contraception has to be part of that education process.""[2]"
"Some debates during the Primaries should feature candidates between both parties. First of all, I would like to point out that you attacked the only point I gave without any support... I mean, whatever floats your boat. Presidential debates between candidates from both parties AFTER the sides nominate a candidate are remarkably different from average debates between opposite parties. Yes, while both include a republican and democratic point of view, one has a candidate that the other candidates in the same party trust their opinions and beliefs in, and the other could hold a wide variety of perspectives and ideas. The debate that takes place with nominees from both parties is meant to have two candidates with perhaps their own ideas, but also the other running members' ideas infused into their debate strategy. This debates eliminates the need of the other, smaller debates between parties because, yes, the nominees will focus on their ideas, but will also be influenced by their competitors within their party. In your second point, while yes, ""polls change over time,"" your entire argument is based off of chance. Can we be sure that less popular candidates will take the spots of the higher polling candidates after one debate? Sure, we could definitely procure a handful of examples, but this is just assuming candidates doing worse will suddenly shape up and candidates doing better will lose their cool. You also mention that ""lesser polling candidates still are able to prove themselves and overtake better polling candidates in debates limited to one political party."" While this is true, debates between parties have a much higher chance of receiving more views on the popular news channels. Although they will also show single party debates, they would most likely be ignored in comparison to the shows featuring higher polling candidates from both parties. This would be giving already higher polling candidates yet another advantage if inter-party debates are allowed, further handicapping the candidates not doing as well. Presidential debates should be limited to a single party. Not only would debates between the parties featuring higher polling candidates put lower polling candidates at a serious disadvantage, but beliefs and ideals kept within parties would be intertwined with political stature, consequently confusing voters and giving false statements. Debates should stay as they are; although debates between parties would certainly be interesting and help news channel views, America should focus on true goals for the presidential election. Clearly, debates should be kept within houses, and maintain the orderly fashion we have always put into action. P.S. ""For the reasons in the debate"" is a pretty sucky way to wrap things up."
"advertisment aimed at children should be banned. ya as pro says that its parents responsibility. to guide children about things. but children get exposed to certain things of advertisment that they start demanding product. now and then., because advertisment is shown in such a way. they get attracted. to it. 2 In day to day life parents go fo job you cannot have control on child about sayin advertisment product. which they easily get attracted.so things which are not affordable. to spend money on jetstrix video game. wher every child wants when they see advertisment. to spend money on that.they can spend money in something else. which will be useful for them. 3 then why dont they show healthy advertisment about fruits, which is more use ful for children to be nutrient.than obesity to have junk food which they are exposed to advertisment and then get attracted."
"Islam is a religion of peace. There are some facts to what you said but most is speculation. However, you failed to address my other two points, and so the debate is won by default. 2. Religious minorities have flourished under Islam. Muslims are commanded to protect Jews and Christians (the People of the Book) and do them no harm. The Quran says in Sura 109, ""To you, your religion. To me, mine."" 3. Islam is intolerant of enslaving human beings. The religion eradicated the institution of slavery thanks to the principles set in motion by Muhammad, who was an abolitionist."
"Libertarians are right on crime- No victimless crimes and support gun control. First off, I read the whole article from your prisoncommision source, and although it does say overcrowded jails are uncomfortable it still doesn't answer my questions, since you were never able to prove these points, it is up to the judges to decide whether they are reliable facts or not, but in my opinion if you can't prove it don't bring it to the table. You stated that ""Most of those crimes are not victimless crimes"", but I was the only one to bring a definition of victimless crime, and since you used no counter definition, we have to go with my definition, which those crimes DO fit under. On the note of prostitution spreading disease, prostitutes in Nevada are required to test for STDs and if they have them, to stop doing buisness until they can get rid of the STD, so they actually don't spread them. I am not debating whether or not prostitution should be legal, simply that when done illegally it leads to the spread of STDs. ""People are constantly exposed to violence in illegal activities"" that is exactly the point I was trying to make, and your story about Walgreens further proved my point that victimless crimes lead to violent crimes by showing that people who stay out of the victimless crime buisness aren't affected as much by violent crime, so by allowing more people to get away with victimless crime, you make more people succeptable to violent crime. You mentioned the fact that crime rates are lower in Amsterdam, but you failed to make note of the fact that although violent crimes have lowered a little, they are still only .0001 percent lower than the UK where drugs are still illegal, and that the amount of victimless crime has skyrocketed, so your statement that ""AND VICTIMLESS CRIMES WOULD LOWER!!! as Amsterdam proves. Why not legalise these costly and illogical victimless crimes?"" was dishonest, and wrong. You say that there would be a ""tax revenue from things like drugs, gambling, prostitution, etc."" but at what price? Are you honestly willing to risk so many lives so that the government can make more money? I believe that through your lack of requested evidence and the points I have made about the risks of victimless crime we have proved everything else in your last paragraph wrong."
"teens vs. parents: whether parents should let kids get tattoos. Hello, I will be debating against the topic of ""Teen vs. Parents: Whether Parents Should Let Kids Get Tattoos. My opponent said, ""teens should be aloud to get tattoos at there parents cost instead of having to wait til they are 18 years of age."" Well the key point is < >, because the teen has no way to tell their parents how to spend their own money. The parents can allow the teen to get a tattoo, but it should be of their own free will. The teenager should not be able to just give their parents a bill for a tattoo job, and the teenager used his/her parent's credit card."
"always make your own sandwhiches.. I negate that one should always make his/her own sandwiches. My opponent claims that having others makes your sandwich for you can and will lead to some 'undesirable penalties', such as AIDS or scrotum itch. The PRO's personal experiences aside, I fail to see any proof that these conditions would become reality. Even if you buy this argument that my opponent is making, keep in mind that the hands are the dirtiest part of the human body: http://ezinearticles.com... ; and since the hands have the highest amount of bacteria, a person making his or her own sandwich is just as likely to infect the sandwich with some kind of germ; so, it's easy to give this to the CON on the grounds that it doesn't really matter who makes your sandwich, as there is an equal risk regardless of the sandwich-maker. Plus, if this argument were true, that would render nearly all restaurants as being dens of disease and suffering; which, as they generally are not, this argument is simply unacceptable. Also, my argument makes an argument about Chuck Norris, however everyone should know that Chuck Norris would not stoop to the level of servitude required to make a sandwich for someone else; therefore, the threat of a ""roundhouse kick full of disease"" is irrelevant. I look forward to my opponent's response."
"Hades is the most powerful Olympian. Zeus may be maybe more popular but I state that Hades would win in a war. A) Hades has control over Tarturus. a pit that holds all of of Olympus most powerful enemies. The Titans, The Giant (sons of Gaea), and Typhoon. B) While Zeus has a lighting bolt, Hades as a helm that shows his opponents most hated fear. Makes him invisisble, plus no body can hear or feel Hades. C) Hades as control of the world largest population. The dead. Thanks for accepting my Debate, and no going ""UHHH, these gods are not real. I know that."
"English would be the most logical choice for a one-world language. I reject the idea of a one-world language, too. I'm simply saying English WOULD be the best choice if there were to be one. If I could bold, underline, highlight, circle, and draw arrows pointing to thye ""WOULD"", I would.Why you should vote Pro: Con has wasted his debate ranting on false accusations about me and not backing up his side of the resolution with any facts or reasoning. No matter how many times I tell Con about the WOULD, he doesn't seem to get it into his head. Now, it is understandable that he would bomb a debate since he is new to this site. I have included facts and data to support my end of the resolution whil Con has used no such thing, all he does is rant."
"Purely logical debates are impossble. I'll keep mine short, since I'm a bit buy right now. The problem with Pro's round 2 post is that it's all in black and white. The fact is, is that in so many different arguments there is no one logical answer. Two people can use completely flawless logic and have different opinions. If debate is the pursuit of truth, it is more often done to find which truth will produce the best results or is preferred by the audience and debaters. As long as both sides propose reasonable arguments the debate can be purely logical, even though the winner will be completely subjective."
"The execution of the Romanov royal family in Russia by the bolsheviks was justice. Hi! This should be fun, one history lover to another in a fun debate on a very controversial topic. Thank you for your courtesy first off. Now then with the formalities concluded, my arguments for Round 2 as follows The Romanov line was not totally innocent of crimes, but they were for the most part naive to the Russian Revolution of 1917. It was not Justice to kill children, teenagers really, by a Bolshevik firing squad. Prince Alexi, and Princess Anastasia, Tatiana, Olga, and Maria were innocent of the crimes their parents were charged with. They were naive to what their father Czar Nicholas II was facing, and to my knowledge did not commit crimes worthy of death. The Romanov line was brutally murdered by a Russian firing squad, that in the process bayoneted or shot innocent children. Their execution was unfair and unjust. If it was inevitable, there should have been a fair trial held before a criminal court. They should have had adequate lawyers and a fair judge, not be hastened into a basement and brutally murdered. I rest my case for Round 2, and I really look forward to hearing my opponents argument."
"The United States should not accept any Syrian refugees. Setting up a safezone in Syria would be far more difficult than simply letting people into this country. ""Consider your families. Consider your friends."" I am considering the dying, poor family in Syria, ruined by years of war, death, and destruction, who would give anything to come to a free country. I am considering the people who need our help the most. I am considering America's core principles, and our most basic values as human beings. I am fighting for humanity. I am fighting for compassion. I am fighting for freedom. Great job and thank you for the debate!"
"Jesus is God. Alot of people belive that Jesus and God are two diff. beings. I will proove that God and Jesus were and are one in the same. RULES 1. King james version (KJV) Bible: So not get involved or tied up in other translations. 2. BOP is on both 3.Have fun and God bless. ROUNDS 1.Acceptance/ comments 2. Rounds 2, 3, and 4 are for arguments."
"Debate.org shouldn't require 3 debates to vote. Why would Debate.org want individuals who are not here to debate? What makes you think you are qualified to judge my debate if you've never debated before on this site. If you aren't willing to put the effort into debating why would I logically expect you to put the effort to reading my debate and judge it unbiasedly? You won't, you'll simply vote on it as if it was an opinion poll and not by the merits of the debate.Debate.org is looking for quality, not quantity. We're happy that individuals who have no interest in debating do not join this site or vote on others debates. These are debates not opinion polls. Those who aren't here to debate and engage in intellectual discussion should not have the ability to vote.Those who create meaningless debates such as this one to bypass this system will be banned and have their votes deleted. I am also reporting this debate so it is permanently deleted. I urge voters not to vote on it and to report it in kind."
"Our society is a celebrity -driven society rather than a common sense driven society. You still haven't provided any evidence (or even an argument really) as to how society is driven by celebrities. Do you know anyone who bases their political beliefs on a celebrity? There may be a few influential philosophers who have gotten to celebrity status, but they are people who have formed their opinions based on common sense. Sure there are bad philosophers, (apologists come to mind) but I doubt any ones opinion was changed based on Ken Ham's recent debating. They confirm peoples beliefs rather than actually changing them. Again I think the problem with this debate is that you were not clear in your title we've ended up arguing two different debates."
"Daleks are the best Doctor Who monster. Of course, the burden of proof fully rests on my opponent's side. I do not need to prove anything, I only need to disprove my opponent's statements in light of the debate. For the purpose of this debate, I see Daleks as the LEAST scariest monster, and the LEAST in terms of traditions. As for the monster that I believe that it would fulfill scariness and traditions to the highest degree. .. It is actually a tie. #1 . http://ravereader.files.wordpress.com...; />The SlitheenSeriously, they can perfectly masquerade as humans, and the concept of Gas-Exchange is terrifying! These are the ultimate crime family, they are big and strong, have a super strong sense of smell, and they can manufacture poison through a finger-nail gun or bad-breath. #1 . http://stuffershack.com...; />The cybermen. They don't even need to invade earth. They just have to upgrade us. They represents the human desire to constantly upgrade. They don't feel emotions, and they will make you emotionless too. These two examples are obviously more scary and have more traditions than a Dalek. In fact, pretty much any examples of a Dr. Who monster is scarier and have more tradition than a Dalek. I can't believe you actually find them scary or think they have tradition. That is quite the opposite."
"Assuming there is no god, morality is subjective and laws are unnecessary. As an atheist, I do not believe in a god. Since I don’t believe in a god, I don’t believe in any kind of objective morality. Since I don't believe in objective morality, I don't believe there‘s any purpose in having laws to enforce one morality over another. Con will need to prove either a) there is an objective morality that doesn't come from a god, or b) laws are necessary. Definitions: God: a supreme being Morality: a sense of right and wrong Arguments: 1.Everyone doesn't have the exact same sense of morality. If everyone’s sense of morality was the same, morality would be effectively objective, but that is simply not the case. However, people who live close together are likely to have similar moralities. That’s most likely a survival instinct: humans aren’t very strong compared to other animals, but we’re smart enough to figure out how to ‘play nice’ so that we can work together in order to survive. 2.Laws used to be necessary, when it was important for humans to work together in order to survive. Now that we know how to build a functioning society, laws only get in the way of natural selection by protecting stupid people. For example, I carry a gun, and it is usually in plain sight. If an unarmed person were to attack me, they would be considered stupid, in my opinion. If I were to shoot them and they died, I would most likely be arrested for murder. This would dissuade me from shooting to kill, which would leave the stupid person alive to do more stupid things and to produce more stupid people. Natural selection exists for a reason. We need to allow the people with no common sense to be killed, rather than protecting them and allowing them to breed. 3.The concept of revenge destroys the idea of an objective morality. If one can break one’s moral code in the event that someone else breaks it first, what’s to stop one from breaking it whenever one wants, and why doesn’t one like it when someone takes revenge on them for taking revenge (perhaps because our morality is selfish… but that I’m and of itself goes against some people's moral codes)? That would make all morality subjective, since one would be saying ‘I can break the moral code in order to punish you for breaking the moral code, but I don't expect anyone to punish me for doing the same thing’. 4.With a subjective morality, everyone decides for themselves what’s right and what’s wrong, so laws aren’t necessary and only serve to try to establish a certain morality as superior to all other moralities without offering any reason as to why that morality is any better (because it’s not; it's all subjective)."
"Resolved: the action of protesting at funerals ought be prohibited. I stand resolutely, adamantly, firmly, that prohibiting protesting at funerals is immoral and violates every fiber of human liberty. I also stand resolutely that the pro shouldn't have accepted the debate if he was just going to be rude and (unfortunately expletives such as the one I would normally use won't post). If you don't see why they should be prohibited than you are against the resolved statement saying: protesting at funerals ought (should) be prohibited(outlawed)."
"It's time to bring back the good old fashioned freak show. In my opening argument I wrote ""These freak shows will bring much-needed affordable entertainment to the masses and also provide valuable employment opportunities for savages, gays, ladyboys, Jews and cripples"" but I forgot to add ""the obese"" (who would be the hilarious human heifers). It's just a two-round debate so I'll leave it at that. Thank you."
"On balance, Nikola Tesla is better than Thomas Edison. Since my opponent has posted his argument, I will assume that he has accepted, and I thank him for that. However, my opponent must still post his case this round in order to follow the round protocol. If he doesn't, he will be disqualified.I stand in firm affirmation of the resolution which states: On balance, Nikola Tesla is better than Thomas Edison. Since the resolution states, ""on balance"", my judges must view this round based on balance, i.e.., the benefits of Tesla must outweigh his detriments in order for Pro to win this round.Contention 1: Tesla invented more useful thingsWhile Edison did ""invent"" the incandescent light bulb (he ripped it off of Humphrey Davy's idea[1]), Tesla invented much more; the florescent light bulb, radio, remote control, the electric motor, robotics, lasers, and wireless communication and limitless free energy (the only reason we have to pay for electricity is because when the contractor found out that Tesla would make energy free and there was no money in it, he canceled the construction of Tesla's energy tower), plus he discovered x-rays. Probably Tesla's most useful invention was alternating current (AC). Alternating current was so much more effective than Edison's direct current (DC), that Edison set up public demonstration in which he electrocuted animals using AC in an attempt to make people think that it was dangerous. With DC, there had to be power generators every 1 mile, and the cables running between them had to be thicker than your arm, making them extremely expensive and ugly, plus detrimental to the environment. However, with AC (which we still use today), you only need inch-thick wires going on thin poles. Far cheaper and less environmentally damaging. And these are only a few of Tesla's inventions.Contention 2: Edison was a bad personMost people don't know this, but Tesla actually worked for Edison for a short time...until Edison cheated Tesla out of what would now be equivalent to $1 million. Edison had heard about Tesla and wanted him to improve Edison's DC generators. He promised Tesla $50,000 ($1 million in today's money). Tesla worked long hours for several months until he finally did it. When he came to Edison to ask for his money, Edison laughed him off, saying, “When you become a full-fledged American, you will appreciate an American joke[2].” Besides this, Edison didn't even come up with his own patents. All he did was hire people to come up with his ideas for him, and then steal them, market them, and get rich because of them.Since Tesla actually invented far more important things than Edison, and besides that Edison was an overall bad person, there is no other ballot than that of the Pro.Thank you.[1] - http://www.unmuseum.org... [2] - http://mentalfloss.com..."
"Breathing is good for you. My opponent is arguing that breathing is good for you on the grounds that it sustains life. I argue that there are a variety of instances in which breathing is very bad. 1. Breathing while underwater, without any sort of scuba gear. If anyone has had this experience, you will know it is not a pleasant one. It feels like your brain is on fire and like your lungs have collapsed. It's called ""drowning"". . http://en.wikipedia.org... 2. Breathing in a room filled with poisonous gas. Not a good idea. There are many terrible chemical weapons out there and if you are ever stuck in a room with terrible noxious fumes, or even near pesticides, it is a good idea to hold your breath. . http://encyclopedia.farlex.com... 3. Breathing too much (hyperventilation) also causes some nasty side effects such as light-headedness, dizziness, chest pain, etc. . http://en.wikipedia.org... Thus, breathing might not necessarily be good for you in certain circumstances. Thank you audience, I await my opponent's rebuttal."
"runaway train hypothetical - ends justify the means. The trolley problem (or as its often called ""the train problem"") was developed by British philosopher Philippa Foot in 1967. I was originally theorized as an exorcise to UTILITARIANISM, a popular philosophy developed by Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill. Utilitarianism holds that the most moral actions are those that cause the greatest good for the greatest amount of people; inversely, the least amount of pain for the least amount of people. Utility is a CONSEQUENTIALISM, or a theory that holds that the ends justify the means. It might seem moral to kill the one man instead of the hundred. That would achieve both utility and proportionality. However, its far more involved than that. DEONTOLOGY is the idea that the ends don't justify the means, and in my opinion, this is far more moral for two main reasons. First, the train is going to hit the hundred people unless someone does something. The key here is ""does something"". If you let the hundred men die, it is an unfortunate tragedy. Actively choosing to kill the one man, however, is a choice. You are choosing to kill one man, whereas the death of hundred was not intended by anyone. Thus choosing to kill the one man constitutes participation in the moral wrong, making one partially responsible for the death when otherwise no one would be responsible. Secondly, German philosopher Immanuel Kant theorized a ""categorical imperative"" to our actions. The first formulation reads, ""Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law without contradiction"". Using consequentialism in one instance means you permit it to be used in EVERY instance. Imagine this: a leader comes to power, seeing his down trodden nation that he loves in pieces. He wants to liven his people into action. But how? Blame the whole of the nations problems on one group of individuals, and then slaughter them, he thinks. He knows they're not to blame. But he knows it will benefit his country in the long run. So he does it. This example is a little extreme, and I dont mean to compare my opponent to Hitler. All I'm saying is that there needs to be a standard: the ends cant justify the means in EVERY situation, so the ends shouldn't justify the means in ANY situation. Thank you."
Sexuality. I'm a woman and I find this argument disrespectful. In my eyes a woman and a man are equal-they are both the marvelous creations of God.A man earns money for his family whereas a woman also goes out to work to provide money for her family and she provides the food for you males- your mother is a female so are you trying to state that if your mother sleeps around she isn't admirable and respectable how can you say that when a woman created you. Harpz
"The Brotherhood is a bunch of cucks. Thank you, Con. Sons of Scotland, I am William Wallace. Con had this to say in Round 1:""William Wallace is 7 feet tall.""Yes, I've heard. Kills men by the hundreds, and if he were here he'd consume the English with fireballs from his eyes and bolts of lightning from his arse. I AM William Wallace. And I see a whole army of my countrymen here in defiance of tyranny. You have come to fight as free men, and free men you are. What would you do without freedom? Will you fight?Aye, fight and you may die. Run and you'll live -- at least a while. And dying in your beds many years from now, would you be willing to trade all the days from this day to that for one chance, just one chance to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!ALBA GU BRA!Sources:The Encyclopaedia Britannica"
"Inconsistent wind energy in Pickens Plan can be accommodated. ""What Pickens Has Right, What He Has Wrong"". ClimateProgress. 28 July 2008 - ""The biggest complaint about wind power -- that it is an intermittent resource -- can be solved with emerging storage technologies, including plug-in hybrid vehicles that recharge at night when the wind blows best and feed electricity back into the grid during the day when the vehicles are parked at home or work. That brings us to the second part of Pickens' plan and to Joe's correct judgment that using natural gas to run vehicles rather than power plants is a bad idea."""
"All people are prejudiced by nature. Prejudice- : an unfair feeling of dislike for a person or group because of race, sex, religion, etc. : a feeling of like or dislike for someone or something especially when it is not reasonable or logicalNB - I am not entirely comfortable with this definition - in fact I think it is incorrect. However, it is one of the official definitions so that is what we shall work with. I will be making comments on this definition.By Nature - : essentially or innately*****************************************************I will argue for the motion that all people, as a product of their own innate, unavoidable human characteristics, hold prejudices, or, 'irrational' pre-judgments of a certain class of people, even if they are unaware of the existence of some said prejudices, or openly deny the holding of said prejudices. This motion was inspired by a great many number of opinions on this site that;(a) The expression of discriminatory/prejudiced views should be litigated(b) Loss of free speech is an acceptable sacrifice in moving towards a world of equality(c) Counter-prejudice is justified(d) Seriousness and severity of prejudices are weighted according to their target group (related to point c).*****************************************************Round 1 - acceptanceYour argument may follow any format you deem necessary."
"Smoking should not be banned. You are correct smoking is not good for your health and I have nothing to prove that it is. However smoking is a choice, it should stay this way, I commonly complain about the government structure of England and America, one of my reasons is: who are you and I to vote away someone else's right to make decisions about how they treat their own body? I, myself am not a smoker, but I accept the fact that other people make the decision to smoke and I see the benefits of it. We, as a society are constantly looking to improve everyone else's lives, let them decide what they want to do, warn them of the dangers if you must but stop taking away our rights. It is a common fact that obesity is a problem commonly effecting Western society and causing lots of death through heart disease, diabetes and all sorts of other health problems. www.rand.org/pubs/research_briefs/RB4549.html As you can see in the above page, obesity is a bigger problem than smoking, drinking or poverty. Should we ban fatty foods, fast food restaurants? After all, you people seem to want to make everyone else more healthy, perhaps we should ban red meat altogether, ban alcohol as well, ban driving because it poses a potential risk of injury? There are risks everywhere, banning people from doing these activities is not the way to solve the problem. I would also like to state that a smoking ban is not practical. If you tried to ban smoking you would be encouraging more crime and slave labour as the tobacco producers abroad turn to criminals to sell their product. People will smoke regardless of the law, lives will be ruined because people will get a criminal record for smoking a leaf and they will consequently find it near impossible to get a job. I have only scratched the surface, I have many more arguments I am saving for later rounds but so far I have explained why banning smoking is impractical, unfair and unjustified."
"Jesus is God, bible christians should believe. Jesus is not completely God here. He was the Son of God, not God himself. He is the human to be conceived of the holy spirit and never to sin. Jesus could still be alive today if He escaped His crucifixion. Notice I capitalize He and His referring to Jesus. No one else ever gets that honor besides God. Jesus is our Lord, He is our Savior, He is our Shepard, He is the Lamb of God. Jesus is not God, His Father in heaven (our Father) is God. Jesus always needed permission from God to perform miracles and if you look at any Bible God approves of Him at many times ex. Baptism, Transfiguration. The trinity shows the three parts of the divine things. Take the sun God is the orb, Jesus is the light, and the Holy Spirit is the warmth. Jesus is not God like God is not Jesus. Can you claim Jesus is a demigod okay. You can even say He is half alien, His father is not of this earth. Jesus is the ultimate perfect sacrifice given to cover all sins from all. Jesus basically eliminated Judaism. Jesus was not God, He was his holy son. A sinless man that had a connection with God like no one else ever will. I use the KJV for all my readings and researches. Only because it is a direct translation to English. Also is the Catholic Church uses it as long as most Protestants. Jesus said He was the Son of Man, Bringer of light. Never said He was actually God. ""Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven."" Matthew 26:64 KJV And always Linate always great to debate you! Thanks so much my Christian brother. And as always peace be with you always through our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ"
"People suffer disproportional consequences on the internet. It is not true that people cannot manage consequences from their action online. It might only seem so but that is because the issues around personal data have emerged relatively recently, so we are still learning to deal with them. Individuals are learning how to manage their personal data online responsibly to make sure such humiliating situations do not occur. There are resources and programmes on how to talk to children about using the internet and other digital devices, including sexting, responsibly [11]. The same way, there are and should be calls for the society to be considerate towards victims of personal data abuse and be less abusive online."
"Barcelona are not the best club in the world. 2nd Round- Please be serious! You have to fight me if you want this debate to go on. Please forgive me for my English because it is not good. Barcelona are not the best club in the world because they are not a good defensive side. You can praise Barca's great attacking style but this team lacks defensively. In defense only Puyol looks like a defensive player. All the other 9 players are focused on attack only. I still remember that night when Dynamo Kyiv bet them 2-1 and it was because of their weak defense. For a club to be immortal it has to be good in both department- Attack and the defence. Ever since Ruud Gullit left Barca, this club has only focused it attention on attack. You can look at the lineup and see that most of the players in Barcelona lineup are all attacking players. Barcelona are a team in decline ever since Ronaldinho left the club. Yes, they are winning titles but this club revolves around Lionel Messi. I don't think they will be remembered once Messi leaves this club. I hope my opponent says something in his defense."
"Weapons not made for hunting should be outlawed for civilian use. Thank you for responding. ""My dad keeps a pistol in his glove compartment for defense. It certainly isn't designed for hunting. Should that be confiscated? Should he be forced to keep a rifle in the glove box instead?"" I'll put it this way. I've never owned, shot, or an any other way used a firearm before. I've never needed to. I get that it makes him feel comfortable, but that right is so easy to abuse that it's just not worth it. It's like a blanky. It makes you feel comfortable, but beyond that it's just not practical. But unlike a blanky, it kills people. ""If I want to shoot up my high school or kill the rival drug dealer who is stealing my turf I'll just buy a shot gun and saw the end off or use any one of the many equally deadly hunting weapons (imagine being killed by a compound bow, ouch!)"" Well, I don't hunt, and I would much rather see meat killed humanely, but some people do not live within a convenient vicinity to an Albertsons. I would, however, be happy to ban the use of guns within cities. I would have included that in the resolution, but I didn't have room. My full proposition would be as follows: Civilians may not have access to weapons not made specifically for hunting. In order to gain access to hunting weapons, one must pass an extensive background check and be issued a permit, which shall be renewed yearly. Furthermore, guns must be in storage in urban areas, and must be visible at all times elsewhere. So, if you had a gun, it's not like it would be practical to kill someone with it, and hopefully it would be confiscated before you could do any harm. Looking forward to your response!"
"Debate: Churches ought to pay taxes. Full resolution: Churches ought to pay taxesThe debate is impossible to accept, apply in the comments if you are interested and I will send the challenge to the applicant of my choosing. First round is acceptance only. No new arguments in the final round. Kritiks aren't allowed. Taxes on churches would mean regular property taxes and commercial income taxes. Basically they lose their tax exempt status."
"Not everyone who disagrees with homosexuality is a bigot. I have no issue with the definition you provided of the world 'bigot'. Definitions (Merriam-Webster): 'Disagree': To have a different opinion : To fail to agree. 'Homosexuality': (1) the quality or state of being homosexual. (2) Erotic activity with another of the same sex. Lets break the definition of bigot into two parts as it is presented by the definition: 'bigot': (1) A person who strongly and unfairly dislikes other people, ideas, etc. (2) A person who hates or refuses to accept the members of a particular group (such as racial or religious group). The definition of homosexuality best fits within the first definition provided within 'bigot'. As the definition of homosexuality does not classify itself as a particular group. It is better seen as a state of mind or action. What the Pro/Con must argue: Pro: Must convince the audience that it is possible to disagree with homosexuality without being classified as a bigot. Con: Must convince the audience that if you disagree with homosexuality, you are a bigot. Introduction: I will base my arguments under the notion that people can disagree with homosexuality without being classified as a bigot. Based on the definitions provided, a person strongly AND unfairly dislike homosexuality to be considered a bigot. Many people who disagree with homosexuality do so out of moral reasoning. Morality is a term that is encouraged by society in many ways. There are numerous laws established within the Federal Government and States that encourage morality among its citizens, it is illegal to murder, rape, steal, etc. Questions for my opponent: Do you disagree with the definitions provided, if so why? Do you have any issues with the use of the first definition provided from the word 'bigot', if so why? Do you accept the notion that society encourages some form of morality? Should people make decisions based on morality? Why can't a person disagree with homosexuality if their belief is based on morality? Note: I do not agree with any type of HATE towards homosexuals. I believe that people have every right to disagree with homosexuality."
"Resolution: Allowing deep water offshore oil drilling is in the best interest of the United States. This debate is to be in public forum format. Round 2 will be speech 1. Round 3 will be crossfire 1. Round 4 will be speech 2. Round 5 will be crossfire 2. If my opponent has any questions, he/she may ask in Round 1. Pro wins by proving that the resolution is more likely to be true than false. Con wins by proving that the resolution is more likely to be false than true."
In defense of evil part 1: The Unabomber was justified in his actions. The debate is whether or not the Unabomber is justified in his actions. He thought it was ok to send bombs with the purpose to harm or kill innocent people to send a political message. He ended the lives of three innocent people and changed the lives of twenty three others who were injured. http://www.newseum.org... My opponent has listed a number of views which the Unabomber believed in some of which are caused solely by the industrialisation of the world some have many causes. This is however irrelevant in my view. Everyone has ideas and views they feel strongly on this cannot be used as an excuse to send bombs to kill or harm another human being. Osama bin laden hated Americas intervention in the west just as the Unabomber hated the industrialisation of the world Yet I don’t think you would defend Osama bin Laden actions on the 11the of September so how can you defend the Unabomber. Both men committed atrocities in the name of their political views trying to change public opinion using fear and terror. If you accept the Unabomber’s actions act just because he believed in the cause what he was fighting for then you must also say that Osama bin laden was just. http://www.usnews.com... The Unabomber chose not to campaign like any ordinary political movement but instead chose to kill and maim innocent people. If many people believed in what the Unabomber believed in then he could founded a political party with his manifesto as its core beliefs. An example of this being done in the past is the foundation of the green party which was founded to promote a greener world they share many of the Unabombers beliefs. Using democratic channels to obtain a position of power and make the changes he believed in. He made a conscious decision not to do this but instead he tried to force his ideas on the people through a terror campaign. http://www.greenparty.org.uk... To summarise you have listed his views and yes many people will agree with those views. But bombing innocent people to impose forcefully your ideas is exactly the kind of tactics used by al qaeda and has no place in a 21st century world. Bombing people into accepting your beliefs and ideas can never be justified.
"In many countries corruption can be seen as a natural response to shortages. Often in developing co... Corruption may be a response to supply and demand, but it is still not beneficial. By rationing goods which should be freely available to the whole population, such as healthcare, justice and fair treatment from those in authority, corruption ensures that these public goods are available only to the rich. Where corruption is widespread, the poor always lose out and society becomes ever more divided. \ It is also bad for society as a whole when corruption provides incentives for bright young people to get jobs as unproductive public officials, because of the financial rewards available for “rent-seekers”. The private sector, already struggling from the added costs of corruption, suffers even more by its inability to recruit the brightest and most ambitious young people, and levels of entrepreneurship and economic growth suffer as a result."
"There is no rational path from deism to theism. You asked if there was a rational path, and I gave t to you. It happens just like in the order you contended it could not. You said there is not, meaning there is not a way one could turn into a theist from being an atheist in that order. I described several methods on how it could. We, therefore, do not agree. You do not think someone could do that and I did. Now, with your final round, since you just wasted this one, is to prove that my use of your ration path is not actually rational. My side as Con has been fulfilled and now it is your turn. 1)http://www.religioustolerance.org... http://www.globalissues.org... http://geography.howstuffworks.com... Educate yourself. Now, I understand there is always an acceptation to the rule, but I am talking about generalities. Many parts of the Middle East are governed according to a specific church, where basic freedoms we take for granted are suppressed, like freedom of religion. 2) My mistake, I meant Israel. So back to the real debate, you must now prove, in one round, that my examples are not ones of a rational path to theism. My main point was that the right religion will never be known, and that people chose their religion of choice based on personal preference, if that option is open to them. While you may not agree that that is right, it is still a rationale. If you are arguing about the 'right' religion then that is a different topic for a different time. But right now we are discussing how one can logically chose their path to any type of religion, be it Christian or otherwise. I await your final response."
"If the Battle of Moscow was won by Hitler, the Second World War would've been won by Germany. Hitler could've asked the Japanese, who seeing Stalin's weakness, would've probably attacked. Look at the facts: France surrendered shortly after losing Paris, Poland after Warsaw and in 1945 Germany after Berlin. Since Moscow can easily be described as the Russian equivalent of Berlin, that proves Russia probably would've surrendered. As for Great Britain, the Home Guard was a joke. Men and women either reaching or during retirement were called in in an attempt to fight an army who had taken Luxembourg, The Hague, Oslo, Copenhagen, Amsterdam, Brussels, Warsaw and Paris. So you, Con, are underrating the superiority of the Wehrmacht. As for aviation warfare, the Germans had Stukas which could've bombed British air bases, making the fancy Spitfires and Hurricanes useless. As for radar, I'll give Britain that one. There is nothing I could possibly say about radar. And Britain's lack of food and black outs also were a problem. Men and women, though uncommon, got killed by their own people as a result of lack of light and vision. Food shortages in Britain were a massive problem. With America offering little to no help at all against the U-Boats, Britain relied on Canada, whose navy was weaker than any other. Mind you, barely any food was left, so hunger could've been another reason as to why the British could've surrendered to the Germans. Finally, Britain's real army. The Battle of Dunkirk was successful for both sides, but 200,000 British and French soldiers died at Dunkirk protecting the evacuation. So the Germans had beaten then once. What makes you think Britain could not lose again? It had only been a year and a half. As for holding the territories Hitler gained, you're basing that accusation on the fact you believe Hitler didn't care about holding strongpoints. It sounds like you think they would've offered Moscow back to Stalin! No, Hitler would've overloaded defences on Moscow, as well as the French Coast and all other major cities and towns. With that, I hand back to Con."
"You should be able to vote in USA under the age of 18 in certain circumstances. My argument is that children under the age of 18 should be able to vote in certain circumstances. Here is the round layout: 1: Accept Challenge (Please do not state your argument, just accept the challenge). 2: State your argument. 3: Attack opposing argument. 4: Defend your argument. 5: Final words. Looking forward to the debate."
"Law firms worry that JD/MBAs might leave for business. ""JD/MBA- Like 'supersizing' a fast food meal, when you're not really hungry?"" Law School Labyrinth. July 17th, 2009: ""Further, I suspect that the JD/MBA label may be viewed by law firms as a lawyer who really wants to become a businessperson. Read that as ""short-timer"". In other words, those precious firm jobs may go to old-fashioned JDs, because firms won't want to invest in someone who is planning to leave as soon as Donald Trump retires."""
"jew is evil. I don't have financial/emotional problems, my only problem is that the Jew is abusing its power. I am woke. Benjamin Franklin wanted to exclude the Jew from the United States of America. George Washington and Thomas Jefferson agreed. Winston Churchill didn't like the Jew. Martin Luther didn't like the Jew. These were all great men who loved their country, who did what was best for their nations and peoples. The Jew is dangerous. You should study more about the Jew and you will realize this."
"In HSM, each of Troy's solos were better than their Gabriella counterparts. HSM1 - Get'cha Head in the Game vs. When There Was Me and You While Get""cha Head in the Game is a fun dance song, Gabriella""s solo has more depth and raw emotion than Troy shows in his solo. Gabriella goes on to illustrate her insecurities as well as the disappointment and explanation of how hurt she is. The lyrics show how isolated and vulnerable she feels. When you trust someone, you allow that other person to have access to your insecurities and to violate that trust is extremely damaging. Troy violated Gabriella""s trust for such a petty reason. Gabriella""s song is more emotional than singing about not knowing what to do. Gabriella and Troy weren't even dating at this time; they were two kids who had chemistry trying to figure out their place in high school. Don't write off Gabriella as some b**chy teenage girl who""s crush brushed her off. That""s not who she is. She""s the new wildcat so she feels awkward, anxious, and troubled. She puts her faith in this guy she met over break to guide her, only to have him turn on her. HSM2- Bet on It vs. Gotta Go My Own Way Let it Go from Disney""s Frozen is an exceptional song about a girl who is tired of trying to fit into the social parameters set by others. That is exactly what Gabriella is singing about. She is tired of Troy pushing her around, not being there for her, and letting her down. She is standing up for herself and is ""doing what's best for her."" She is not letting herself be defined by someone who keeps ignoring her. Troy""s song is basically admitting he screwed up, which is great to admit because he""s been screwing up the entire time, while Gabriella""s song emits empowerment and sometimes having to be strong and doing what""s best your yourself. HSM3- Scream vs. Walk Away Now, the point of most Gabriella solos is to take a sad, emotional moment and enhance it with an emotional song, helping the viewers feel more upset and make the situation feel like it had an emotional impact on the viewers. That is true, but it""s the same with Troy""s solos. Walk Away was an incredibly sad scene, but the upbeat song made it seem as though Gabriella could just brush it off, it made the viewer not care as much either because if the viewers felt she could just walk away from everything without feeling than so could we. Scream, on the other hand, did nothing but show Troy""s tantrum."
"We should find cure for aging. As somebody who loves this topic and has devoted a ton of my personal time researching this as well as e-mailing the Sens foundation, reading all of Kurzweil's books, spending a ton of time watching speeches of and reading material from Aubrey De Grey I look forward to this debate. There is not very many subjects I'm extremely knowledgable on and yet I still do reasonably well on a wide variety of debates. I strongly encourage my opponent to look up all the common objections to scientists working on creating indefinite lifespans for people. I also encourage him to give well reasoned, researched and cited arguments. This debate will not be easy for him to win and I want a strong challenge. None of this advice is meant to be offensive only preemptive to insure a high quality debate."
"Every view ends in meaninglessness. you say ""1. Suppose ""Every view ends in meaninglessness"" is true. (Hypothesis) 2. ""Every view ends in meaninglessness"" is a view. (Given) 3. Meaningless views are neither true nor false. (Given) 4. Meaningless views are not true. (From 3) 5. ""Every view ends in meaninglessness"" is meaningless. (From 1,2) 6. ""Every view ends in meaninglessness"" is not true. (From 4,5)"" the notion ""true"" ends in meaninglessness the notion ""meaninglessness"" ends in meaninglessness"
"Best Rock Songs from 1990 - 2005. Thanks F-16_Fighting_Falcon for making this debate. I know this will be as fun as the last one!Ah, so my opponent starts with the most popular song by the band that started the whole grundge movement. How can I counter that? Well, there are plenty of good Nirvana songs to use, but I like going for less straightforward options. I've got something heavier for us. This is a song that has a huge bite in it, while remaining true to that 90's feel. Alice In Chains- Them Boneshttp://www.youtube.com..."
"People Saw Living Dinosaurs. Let's recap.Con's rebuttals amount to attributing every single piece of artwork to pure coincidence.Even though I proved that dinosaurs like T. rex and hadrosaurs lived within the past 10,000 years with my DNA argument, Con keeps stubbornly insisting that every single dinosaur died millions of years ago. Con's sole rebuttal to the DNA evidence was a baseless accusation of fraud, a claim that he failed to backup, instead citing a source that had literally nothing to say about the claim he was making. He also blamed the DNA on contamination by human DNA, another baseless assertion not supported by a single one of his sources. My secular, peer-reviewed study was performed in 1994; if it were really a hoax, like Con wants you to think, you'd think he could find a single source in the past 20 years to substantiate that argument.Even though the DNA argument was sufficient scientific evidence to prove that the aforementioned dinosaurs walked the earth in the past 10,000 years, I also made another argument with the T. rex and hadrosaur blood. I appealed to the intuition and common sense of the voters when I left it up to them to decide whether or not the presence of unfossilized, T. rex and hadrosaur bones complete with soft tissue and liquid blood proves that they walked the earth in the same time period as humans.Thus, when Con says,""You never gave me[...] the most recent fossil remains which would put dinosaurs at the same time period as humans[, and] you haven't presented scientific evidence that we can test.""...he is stating a falsehood, something this debate demonstrates he has grown accustomed to. It is painfully obvious from this debate that nothing short of a live dinosaur will convince Con that dinosaurs were ever seen by humans. That might be something I'd be expected to deliver if I were trying to prove that dinosaurs live today, but that's simply not what I'm arguing. I'm only arguing that dinosaurs were seen by people at some point in history.Con's meteorite and volcano arguments are incoherent, and he fails to provide a convincing reason for why these vague events would rule out the possibility of a few dinosaurs surviving.Thanks for reading, and have fun voting!"
"prostitusion is morrally wrong. Since ScarletAtheist has forfeited the last round I will just bring up more points to why prostitution is wrong. When a society does not hold sexual intimacy in high regard it devalues the specialness or even sacredness of the sexual relationship between husband and wife. ""Marriage and divorce are both common experiences. In Western cultures, more than 90 percent of people marry by age 50. Healthy marriages are good for couples"" mental and physical health. They are also good for children; growing up in a happy home protects children from mental, physical, educational and social problems. However, about 40 to 50 percent of married couples in the United States divorce. The divorce rate for subsequent marriages is even higher.""1 It is not moral to defraud someone prostitution is defrauding women, giving people money for momentary pleasure and short term gain not looking at the long term affects of harm to there physical and psychological health. ""She said: ""Prostitution is an extremely dangerous thing to do. It involves violence and abuse, and fundamentally effects the woman or child who is prostituted. ""With the hazards that prostitutes have to face daily, I would be extremely shocked if anybody who was involved for any period of time did not show signs of stress disorder."" 2 The prostitute is defrauding the person who uses them as well getting them to pay them so that the person can have short term happiness. If a man uses a prostitute ten times in his life and then finds the woman he wants to marry should he tell her? Some might say no, what happened in his single life was his own business but I say this what would happen if he marries her and she finds out how will she feel? She would feel angry and betrayed. If it is not morally wrong to use a prostitute then why would she feel this way. 1 American Psychological Association 2 BBC News http://news.bbc.co.uk..."
"percussion is the most important section in a band. I will keep it simple. Rules: 1. respect 2. use actual sources 3. stick to round layout 4. provide votes on why you should win 5. have fun 6. Break of any rule results in forfeit of all points to me rounds: 1- acceptance, thanks to, what you aim to prove 2- opening statements 3- questions 4- answers 5- rebuttals, closing remarks, and voters I accept and I want to thank my future opponent for the test. I aim to prove that percussion is the most important section in band and why people should agree with me. With that let the debate begin!"
"Gay Marraige should be legal and accepted in all USA states. Cindela First, thank you and this has been an entertaining debate. ""The reason that it is not legal is because society does not want there to be gay marriages. ""-CIndela So you are saying it isn't legal. If society is a majority (which it is) they have a most important call, so that is saying it should be illegal. ""Why does the Bible have to tell us all what to do""-Cindela If you read your previous argument, you say that some forms of Christianity accept gay marriage. There is 1 bible for all forms of Christianity. That quote came directly from the bible saying that if your Christan, you can't be gay. The ability of having a natural baby is very important. That's something that an average person living from paycheck to paycheck can do for society. IT's the life cycle, Birth, reproduce, and die. Can a homosexual couple have a baby? No. They could adopt a baby, but so couldn't a regular couple and that baby came from a regular couple. ""A gay person cannot marry someone of the same gender. Other people can. ""-CIndela Huh? That makes absolutely no sense. You have just made theories. I have used facts. This proves your argument is flawed."
"On the spot speech. The Beatles Were The Best Pop Band Hailed as one of the most influential music groups of all time, the Beatles were a group that hailed mostly from the UK, though the members of the band had ranged tremendously so that many different people of nationalities were involved in it. Some of their more popular songs include 'A Day In The Life,' 'Let It Be,' 'Strawberry Fields Forever,' 'Hey, Jude,' and 'Come Together. ' The Beatles sales records are definitely a large feat on their part. The Beatles have the following achievements under their belts: Most Weeks On Chart (1,278), Most Number Ones By One Act (15), Total Weeks At Number One In One Year (40), Most Number One Albums In One Year (3), Album Spending The Longest At Number One (Please Please Me, 30 Weeks), Most Consecutive Weeks At Number One (Please Please Me, 30 Weeks), Most Consecutive Number One Hit Albums (7), First Ever Album To Debut At Number 1 (Help), Self-Replacement At The Top (2), Largest Total Number Of Weeks At The Top Of Album And Singles Act (45), Most Chart Domination At Any Time In History (3 Weeks: #1 and #2 Top Singles, #1 and #2 Top E. P. 's, #1 and #2 Top Albums), Only Double Wammy In History (Knocked Rolling Stones Off Singles And Albums Chart), Most Consecutive Christmas Number One Albums (3), Artists With Largest Album Sales In US (107,000,000 Approx. ), and they have been awarded 14 Golden Albums in the UK, and Paul McCartney has been awarded 17 in the UK and 20 in the US. Looking at best to mean most successful, their feats definitely place them as the best pop band as they have so many records sold and so many records broken. . http://www.music.indiana.edu...http://www.beatles.ws...http://listverse.com...http://www.jpgr.co.uk...I"
"The Christianity is a unique religion. I believe that the Bible and Christianity are a unique religion for these reasons. I will go through a number of reasons so keep in mind that some have a more substantial impact than others. 1. Unique and ConsistentThe Bible is remarkably consistent, despite having been written by more than 40 people with over 60 different events over a period of nearly 2,000 years. 2. Archeological EvidenceArcheological discoveries have confirmed many events in the Bible. For example, excavation of Jericho have confirmed that the walls did in fact fall down. Unfractured folded rock layers which can only happen when sedimentary rock has been laid down rapidly then folded - which in all cases can only happen in a flood. So that confirms a flood.3. Devine Insight and Predictive ProphecyThe spherical nature of the earth and the fact that the earth hangs in space are suggested in Scriptures such as Job 26:10 and Job 26:7 respectively. The book of Job is thought to have been written around 2000 BC—long before the nature of our planet was generally known. In Isaiah 40:22 we read about the spreading out (expansion) of the heavens (the universe). Yet secular scientists did not discover such expansion until the 1920sAnd there are over 460 fullfilled prophecies about Jesus.- Thats why. When something matches with logic and science, its true.Obviously I could go on and on, but you get the idea.Dr. Jason Lisle Ph.D AstrophysicsSaid ""The truth of the Bible is obvious to anyone willing to fairly investigate it"""
"Altered Quotes Contest. MEGA ROUND. Post THREE altered quotes instead of just one. (Im feeling spontaneous) . . . ""To bee, or not to bee"" - Shakespeare, while holding his man-sized bumble-bee costume in his hands, trying to decide what to be for Halloween. . . . ""My Kingdom for a whore"" - King Richard, after his wife declined yet another attempt at having sex . . . ""Frankly my deer, I don't give a damn"" - Gone with the Wind character Rhett Butler, when his pet deer told him that it had eaten a whole wheel of cheese. He wasnt even mad, he found it amazing."
"When in conflict, Security should be prefered to rights. First off, can I argue that security should not be a priority because security itself is bad? But in case no I am prepared to argue pro for the exact text of the resolution. //Definitions\ Security: ""the state of being free from danger or injury"" [1] Rights: ""Rights are variously construed as legal, social, or moral freedoms to act or refrain from acting"" [2] Preferred: ""preferable: more desirable than another"" [3] I await my opponent's answer/response. ============================================================================ [1] . http://wordnetweb.princeton.edu... [2] . http://en.wikipedia.org... [3] . http://wordnetweb.princeton.edu..."
"Islam is the world's worst religion. One factor that you are overlooking is the fact that Islam currently has over 1.5 billion adherents and the atrocities committed by muslims in the name of islam more than dwarf anything the westboro baptist church has ever done. of course there are religions that have the potential to be crazier than islam, even christianity has that potential. but currently islam is taking the number one spot when it comes to messed up crimes and oppression of women in the name of religion. yes there are governments that have done worse, and other religions have done horrible things in the past, but islam takes the cake."
"Cell Phones should be used in school. Wow you are really good at this, I thought I would be better because I was using this topic for a school ILA project. I guess you are better but this is the last round, anyone's win.Another good reason cell phones should be in school is because they are very fast at stuff. If there was a fire at school and all the school phones burned, would you want to call or text your mom/dad on your cell phone or walk the (sometimes) long way home? They are fast access to the Internet and parents. Sometimes if something private happens and your mom/dad call your school it's not that private anymore. Most of the times you won't talk to them on the phone, the office just gives you a message. That makes it unprivate.It's also saving paper and ink. Instead of the school making around 1000 planners/agenda books that are around 20-40 pages long, you could have a cell phone to use as an electronic organizer/agenda since most kids don't use their planners/agenda books anyway."
"Alternative factors that can be considered in the admissions process. SATs are mathematical and it is therefore possible to objectively evaluate them. This is why they are so popular, they provide a benchmark of comparison across the whole education system in a way that any non-standardized assessment never could. This does not only benefit universities in providing an objective measure to compare admissions candidates but it also gives the government statistics with which to measure the progress of schools. Any other form of assessment would mean switching to much more subjective factors. Traditionally such factors, such as extracurricular activities, volunteer work, and even access to references are all more easily available to high income students. Opportunities may not even be offered in poorer school districts. Complaining that poorer and minority students do less well on the SAT ignores the fact that the test provides one of their best opportunities to impress admissions officials."
"Vaccines do not cause autism. Definitions: Miriam Webster defines cause as ""something that brings about an effect or a result"". As such the negating party is simply required to demonstrate that vaccines can bring about autism in some way not necessarily directly. BOP: The affirmative makes the claim that ""vaccines do not cause autisim"", this is an absolute claim implying the affirmative must demonstrate that vaccines cannot bring about autisim under any circumstance while the negative must simply demonstrate a single circumstance in which a vaccination can result in autisim."
"Christianity makes no sense. But doesnt God give us eternal life? How can he say he loves mankind, but also say he dislikes mankind enough for eternal damnation. That seems conflicted. Unless you say that God almighty is bound by rules, but who set those rules? The only way I could see the God giving his son as a sacrifice working is if God has no say in who goes to heaven. If he did, why would humans killing his son open up the door for humans who believed his son to go to heaven. Here: If God controls who goes to heaven, then: why would God make a sacrifice on our behalf of his son? He couldn't have just given all faithful Jews a leg up into heaven. I have never heard of anyone who thought ""These people wronged me, but if they kill my son and believed it was my son, then they are forgiven"""
"Some cultural treasures, e.g Native American artefacts, have religious and cultural associations for... This may be true, but religious artefacts may have been originally purchased or given in good faith, perhaps with the intention of educating a wider public about the beliefs of their creators. Later descendants should not be allowed to second-guess their ancestors’ intentions. On the other hand, a great many cultural treasures relate to religions and cultures which no longer survive and there can be no such claim for their return."
"Jeepers Creepers would Beat Predator (Pick which ever) in a fight. Scenario 1&2: You forget that the Predator determines himself who is worthy,not us. He will fight the Creeper,and because he is a predator(hence the name)he will get the drop on him and the Predator will lay a trap for him. Now even though the Creeper is intelligent,it also has animal instinct in his subconscious. And the Predators always out think it's prey. So the Creeper will get damaged,and the two will fight. Now while the Creeper is stronger and quicker,it has no skill in combat. It rely's on brute strength. The Predator will fight,and get damaged. He will most likely retreat to the woods. And this is the part where you would say he gets scared,but this is not true. Predators have faced more dangerous enemy's and laugh. They can almost never get scared. If you would remember in the first Predator movie,he laughed as he died. So he will retreat to the woods to treat his wounds,as he has high pain tolerance as he got his hand cut off and simply not,waled it off,but fought it off. This also has to do with your counter-argument;you said that a human was able to beat it in combat in the first movie,but the Predator suicides. Now he was injured,but ultimately he killed himself. And in the second movie,the other one had his hand cut off when he was killed. So while he would retreat to the woods,(because the creeper liked the woods and the Predator attacked the Creeper)and the Creeper would fly and scan the sky's looking for him. The Predator would then shoot his wing's off. The Creeper would then throw his shrunkins at the Predator,the Predator throwing one of his own at them,but the other hitting the Predator and finishing off the last of his armor because the Creeper is intelligent and probably has good eyes. So he hit a good spot. The Predator would then hunt the Creeper,lay a trap of human bodies,but the Creeper would semi sneak up on the Predator and they fight. I see two possible endings- Ending 1: The Predator fights him off,and kills him using his skill,his strength,his experience,and his smarts. Instead of shooting him,he challenges to a combat fight. He takes off his gear and he fights him. He uses his skills and strength and fights him. The Creeper dodges each attack and stabs him,but the Predator then activates his explosive device on his forearm and they both die. Ending 2: The two fight and the Predator outwits him and uses his own strength against him and partly crushes him and the Creeper is partly paralyzed and the Predator then uses his explosive knives to dismember his limbs and he would keep shooting him and stabbing him until he is 100% dead. Either way the Predator win's or it's a draw"
"The Concept of Original Sin is Unfair. I'm assuming that Round 1 is for naught but opening arguments, and thus I will only post an opening CON thesis; however, before I do, one definition: unfair - undue, beyond what is proper or fitting Now then, let me outline the CON's burden today; as the PRO's burden is to prove, beyond reasonable doubt, that the concept of ""Original Sin"" and it's implications are unfair, I must prove the opposite; obviously, if neither case is convincing, you'll vote for a tie. CON Thesis -------------- While the Pro may paint a picture of humanity being punished for the sins of the parents, Con pledges to prove that, assuming the Bible to be complete truth for the purposes of the debate, because the original humans chose to sin instead of to obey the commands of God, that this Original Sin accounts for the naturally sinful nature of mankind, and that, as opposed to being punished for the sins of the parents, that we are being punished for choosing sin in the same way that our predecessors did; that is to say, because humans naturally make the same kind of mistakes (sinning) as Adam and Eve originally did, we deserve punishment, just as they did; ergo, the concept of Original Sin, and its future implications, are fair."
"Family is more important than friends. In the name of Allah! Peace, ladies and gentlemen First i want to thank my contender and I respect your opinion ;) :) Family is much important than friends because family is the first start of any person. It's true that we can't choose our families but we can consider it as a gift of life. To begin with the first argument. Family is what gives life to the human being and his first education, it gives love and respect! the man's first word of the child is MAMA or DADA - mother and father- so he is related to his family in a way or another. simply the family is the first school of us and the family members are the best friends of us! Whereas friends are just a heavy weight on us -most of them- also the man kind is not perfect so he might not choose wisely his friends which will lead him to a blocked way and to wrong paths. Secondly the family represent the reality of life and honesty, we are nothing without family, the family supports you in every moment of life ,in the first day of school , the first steps of you, in the night of the exams , in marriage day... so they are stick to you more than you do, in the first day of school the teacher called you with your family name, when you became a football player the write your family name in the T-shirt. So your family needs you more than you need it! Every human has a part of his family in his DNA but he has nothing from his friends! To sum up family is everything you could have a million friends but you will have just one family also the friends have and end just focus in the word friENDS so family is much much important. And as Michael J. Fox said:""Family is not an important thing. It's everything."" Thank you and Peace !! Good luck Caty!!"
"Reganomics applied over the last 30 years. I'm not sure how I prove trillions have been spent overseas, but I know the Iraq and Afghan operations cost the country around 2 trillion based on C.B.O. estimates alone. All US citizens see for it is a destabilized Iraq, that now might pose a threat in terms of terror. How much aid do we give to Egypt, Libya and down the line. Yes ,some of the aid given to countries over seas creates jobs, but one could easily assume that if the money were left in the taxpayer's hands, they would spend it on something creating a stronger economy. Our government seems to believe in the "" broken window economic strategy"" when it come to war logic and military spending. I'll stand by my opinion that the rich are better with money, and that is how most of them got there. When they have the money to invest we all have more in the end. As far as deficit spending goes, it can be a good thing or a bad thing. Reagan brought the National debt to a trillion on cold war military spending. I would say it was reasonable to do so then, but now it is 16 trillion and we have everything we already really need."
"Resolved: The United States ought to submit to the jurisdiction of an international court... One of the fundamental errors in the argument for an International Court is that it is accepted by some advocates in the abstract, without concern over the reality of the implementation. It is much easier to support the idea of a theoretically perfect and impartial dispenser of justice than it is to point to an embodiment that has actually worked. It seems that other supporters, perhaps the majority, never get beyond an anti-American framework of subordinating American interests to the interests of others. At root, they are recognizing that Court would not be impartial, it would just be able to force the interests other nations to prevail. Other arguments are continued."
"Military recruitment in schools is illegal. Recruitment in schools is against parts of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child. A set of rules that the USA signed up to in 2002 forbids the recruitment of children under the age of 181. Despite this, the American Civil Liberties Union has found that US military recruiters target children as young as 11, visiting their classrooms and making unfair promises to them2. Though the military would argue that its school visits do not constitute recruitment, if recruitment of those under 18 is wrong, then advertising to those under 18 should similarly be considered wrong. In order to live up to its pledge in 2002, the USA should stop trying to recruit in schools. 1 United Nations General Assembly . (2000, May 25). Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child. Retrieved May 18, 2011, from Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights:  2 American Civil Liberties Union. (2008, May 13). Military recruitment practices violate international standards, says ACLU. Retrieved May 18, 2011, from American Civil Liberties Union:"
"The benefits of vaccines outweigh any harm. My opponent has stated that the Quran forbids vaccines. As a non-Muslim, I won't question his interpretation, but what I will question is his argument. My opponent has stated a religious objection to vaccines, but this debate is on the effectiveness of vaccines. This debate should be argued with facts, not 'moral' objections. I will now put forward my first argument. Vaccines have dramatically lowered the rates of many diseases around the world. I will now cite statistics showing the decrease of disease rates in the US, in the format given below: [disease name]: [estimated annual pre-vaccine cases], [annual post-vaccine cases], [percentage decrease] Diphtheria: 21053, 0, 100% H. Influenza: 20000, 243, 99% Hepatitis A: 117333, 11049, 91% Hepatitis B: 66232, 11269, 83% Measles: 530217, 61, 99% Mumps: 162344, 982, 99% Pertussis (whooping cough): 200752, 13506, 93% Pneumococcal disease: 16069, 4167, 74% Polio: 16316, 0, 100% Rubella: 47745, 4, 99% Congenital Rubella: 152, 1, 99% Smallpox: 29005, 0, 100% Tetanus: 580, 14, 98% Varicella: 4085120, 449363, 89% Think of all the lives saved in just the US. Around the world, vaccines have saved millions of lives. Looking at the evidence, I think it's an understatement to describe vaccines as having a net benefit. Vaccines are one of the greatest medical breakthroughs of all time."
"A man should be a god's best friend. I was raised as a Latter Day Saint, more commonly called Mormons. People of that faith believe that life is a test of faith and devotion. When a person takes a leap of faith, such as paying a tithe to church, they show their willingness to do as God wills. The validity of faith is something that non believers have tried and tested for years. The primary source for faith is feeling and the expression of these feelings through things like music, literature, and art. When I see a beautiful painting that has no intrinsic value and yet is valued at hundreds of thousands of dollars, I don't see a medium of trade. I see in that painting someone trying to express a feeling that is not biological or scientific but spiritual in nature. What would the purpose of a God who simply gave away Mercedes. You might as well worship Oprah. Wealth is not synonymous with happiness and the gifts God grants us are rarely material. Those who dedicate themselves to attaining things both eternal and spiritual can gain satisfaction on earth and in the afterlife. We have no need to doubt the value of serving a higher purpose when the rewards are immediate even to those still living. A person can live full life believing that they are doing good by by God. I am happy with my beliefs whether they are true or not. Of course it is always a possibility that a devout Christian will pass away only to find himself in a place ruled by a God or by Gods who he has never even heard of. So what should he have done, believed nothing?"
"Christianity vs Atheism. Before I start I will ask the Christian side to use arguments that apply to Christianity only. A Muslim could say: ""Why dont you believe in Allah?"" Replace 'Allah' with Yahweh or whoever for taste. To address my opponent's question, I will ask he bring evidence to the table. I can't say some creature lives under Mars surface, asking someone to disprove it. It would be fallacious thinking. Or to put it simple: Not enough evidence. Atheism is more likely to be correct then Christianity."
"In order to defeat ISIS we have to kill the loved ones of terrorists. I shall not go into my arguments now, but I will go over the rules the Pro and I have agreed to. I shall state my case, as shall the Pro in the next round. DEBATE STRUCTURE Round 1. Acceptance, No Arguments Round 2. Opening statements (no rebuttals) Round 3. Rebuttals Round 4. Rebuttals Round 5. Final Rebuttals and closing arguments RULES 1. The burden of proof is shared 2. Forfeiting will results in a full 7-point loss 3. No images or videos are permitted. Links to videos or Images may be used as sources, but the media itself may not be posted in the debate. 4. The character limit is 10,000 5. All arguments must be made in the debate. Any arguments that are mentioned in the comments should be ignored. If there are technical difficulties, sources may be posted in the comments. 6. No Kritiks 7. No Semantics 8. No Trolling 9. All sources must be accessible online and all links must be posted to the debate. 10. Violations of any of these rules should be noted by voters in their scores for conduct."
"Newspapers offer a better reading experience than digital alternatives. The experience of reading from a newspaper is a far better user experience than reading from a screen, reading from a screen for long periods of time is not only bad for the eyes but quite often becomes uncomfortable. A newspaper however requires natural light to be read and therefore is not as harsh on the eyes. It could also be suggested that people actually prefer the tactile physical experience of a newspaper or book over holding an electronic device, a poll taken on the Guardian 1 website found that 76.1% preferred books, i.e, a physical experience, over a digital one.   Video and audio-based advertisements placed online around the text can also disrupt the reading process, a problem, which does not afflict newspapers.   1 Guardian (2008) E-books or Real Books? [online] [accessed 13th June 2011] improve this  "
"Competitive Team Fortress 2 is Dying. Hi. My name is Rocket Propelled Gordon, and I will be debating this topic with you today. I'm kind of new to this thing, so if I get anything mixed up, apologies. I have spent 1885 hours on Team Fortress 2. Although I have never played in any competitive matches, I feel that I can still offer a reasonable debate. Anyway, is competitive TF2 dieing? No. However, given that as you say that it's small, it's bound to fizzle a little over the course of 5-6 years of running. TF2 is just one of those things that you have to trust won't die. If it does, it's no -one- person's fault, but rather it's a case of a in/out sort of thing, where trends give birth to more trends and die. It's just as well that tf2 has no trending offspring; anyway, good day."
"Mitt Romney should be the next President of the United States (continued). I definitely agree that it was a good debate, however, I wish that you would've defended your stance on the war in round three if for no other reason than to hear rational opposition to my views. I'm not exactly sure whether or not to be happy that Mitt is out. As far as Ron Paul is concerned, the best chance he has to continue his campaign is to keep McCain from receiving the majority of the delegates and getting the Rep nomination. I don't know if Paul and Huckabee together can keep that from happening. Even as an ardent Paul supporter, I'm highly skeptical that he can pull off a win, but I will remain totally supportive and optimistic right until the very end. The main thing, aside from winning, that I would like to see happen is for him to be able to stay in the race until the GOP convention so that the mainstream media will no longer be able to ignore him and keep the people of this country from hearing what he has to say. Thanks for a good debate!"
"Women should register for the selective service. In an age of feministic views I believe that if women wish to be treated with more respect and looked upon as purely equal then another responsibility they should take is to register with the Selective Service when they turn 18. I believe fully in feminism. It is wrong to pay women less in the work place because they do not have a penis, yet they should also have to carry the same responsibilities as men. This should go for men as well of course."
"Extremely strict parents are good for children. My apologies to Pro for a shortened round, but I have decided that, although Dictionary.com offers a general definition, the real meaning of ""success"" in life and the philosophy of happiness varies from person to person. Someone might say success is fame and fortune. Others might say luxuries, while others may say the pure effort put into every accomplishment. In my eyes, success is the ability to feel proud of one's achievements. For me, that would be conquering difficult tasks and goals. Many different types of parents support different types of success in their children. Some parents are relaxed and allow their children to be free and happy while they can. Others, such as Tiger Mom, try hard to achieve the best effort in life. My only point now is that Tiger Mom forced one single parenting style and philosophy into her children a little too much. Congratulations on my opponent for this debate. Though I don't say this often as a conclusion, I have to admit he has high chances of winning."
"There is no evidence that humans share a common ancestor with apes. This question often crops up among evolution disbelievers. And while it underscores the truth that most people truly don't believe man came from rats, fish, and single-celled organisms up through the primates, it ignores the fact that evolutionists have a ready answer to it. First, evolutionists strongly deny the idea that men came from the apes. They insist that both man and the apes came from a hypothetical ape-like ancestor, the evidence for which has not yet been discovered. Secondly, evolution does not propose that all members of a type evolved into another type, but that only a small group of individuals, genetically isolated from the others, evolved, leaving the others to remain the same. A perceptive person will recognize that both of these points are nothing more than story telling. The hypothetical ape-like ancestor does not exist, and there is no evidence that it ever did. The ""peripheral isolates"" claim may sound reasonable, and there are recent examples of isolated groups acquiring new traits through adaptation, but none of any group acquired new suites of functioning genes through random mutation, such as production of either an ape or a man from an ape-like ancestor would require. Instead of asking why we still have apes, we should be asking why don't we have the hypothetical ape-like ancestor, the real missing link? Or, why don't we have the required intermediate forms? How can such change happen? The claim that transitional individuals were few in number, and thus unlikely to be fossilized and discovered, rings hollow. The fact is, we don't have them! The evolution claims are only stories. In their story, man and apes diverged from the imaginary ancestor some seven million years ago. Surely some would be fossilized. We should also ask, how could such a transition happen? The only way we know to acquire new genes is to alter existing genes through random mutation. The best alteration science has observed has produced only novel recombinations -- most deteriorate the genetic information and thus harm the offspring. Many mutations are fatal. Evolution requires trillions of innovative mutations to produce man from lower forms, and at least millions to produce man or apes from an ape-like ancestor. None have been observed. Evolution tales are pseudo-scientific stories about an imaginary history. Evolution is best understood as an anti-God origins myth, attempting to explain man's existence without a Creator. We can do better."
"elementry school kids are learning to much!. Personally I think it is unfair other kids get a more intense schooling program than I did. Yes, it might be a little bit of pressure, but if they don't get any pressure in 3rd grade, then when they are in sixth grade and actually being challenged, how are they supposed to be ready? Babying them with easy schoolwork will not help them. I remember learning a little bit of division in first grade, and wishing the teacher would tech it to me so I could understand it more. Thank you for this debate"
"ATHEISM over THEISM. Conduct: My opponent forfeited two out of five rounds; therefore, my conduct has been better, for following the rules of this debate. Used better sources: My opponent did not use any sources; my sources were books by physicists such as Leonard Mlodinow, Simon Singh, Joseph Silk, George Ellis, Stephen Hawking, Robert M. Wald, Fulvio Melia, Kip S. Thorne, Robert Penrose and Kitty Ferguson, in addition to the Oxford Dictionary of English and the Discovery Channel. Had better arguments: My opponent's presentation argument did not have any reasons for not believing in God, and merely showed his perspective. His second argument CLAIMED that theists see science as ""nonsense"", and said they presumed God was a substitution for science. I know many theists who believe God is an enforcer of science, and he had no sources to support the argument. The next argument was questioning the reason for God being seen as an explanation. I provided ample evidence for God existing, and for lack of a proper definition of God, I provided the definition of a creative force, as seen in pantheism and, sometimes, deism. All other rounds were forfeited. Spelling and Grammar: ""Indeed, Atheists see God as a nonsense, and the same for how Theists see science as."" This sentence is grammatically incorrect; ""a nonsense"" is not a way to describe nonsense. ""The same for how"" is incorrect; ""the same way"" would have been more appropriate. (this sentence was processed by Grammarly, and I use it as my source) Therefore, this guarantees my seven-point victory. Please vote for me. Thanks to JordanCJKM for setting up this amazing debate, and I sheerly respect him for his arguments. No offences intended. Source: http://www.grammarly.com..."
"Biblical Contradictions, Part I. Definition:Contradiction: ""the statement of a position opposite to one already made""Scholar: ""a learned person"" (either renowned w/o official academic training or an academic degree-holderSources:1. Holy Bible(s) of the Christianity religion2. Religious Texts (Denominational Dictionaries/Glossaries)3. Scholarly Texts (Lexicons, Concordances, Dissertations, Treatises) 4. Direct Quotes from Respectable ScholarsProposition:(R1) Pro may, if desired, define ""contradiction"" but ONLY based on a Dictionary definition. This round is acceptance for both opponents. (R2) Pro will present contradictions & argue why they are such. (R2) Con will rebut Pro's contradictions & argue why they are not. (R3) Pro will rebut Con's rebuttals of why they are not contradictions with Pro's Secondary Evidence. (R3) Con will refute Pro's Secondary Evidence with Con's Secondary Evidence. (R4) Pro will present a Closing Argument of why these are Contradictions (up to maximum 6,000 character limit). (R4) Con will present Closing Statements of why they are not Contradictions (limit of 1 Opening Sentence; 3 Five Sentence Paragraphs; 1 Closing Sentence). Rules for (Opponents):1. Follow all the guidelines above.2. Sources are permitted each round & are not prohibited by Con's R4 Closing.3. Intelligent Debating Only4. NO DIRECT INQUIRIES between Opponents (Indirect Questions to the world at large are permitted. Ex. ""Is this type of logic really suppose to be true? ""5. Present ALL arguments as concisely as possible (we should not bore the readers with heavy technical-laden language, drawn out explanations and examples, etc. )6. Be mindful of textual formatting.7. In the Voting Period, opponents should refrain from commenting on the Judges' rulings, unless a Judge specifically ask a question to a particular opponent. Suggested Rules for (Judges):1. NO TIES unless you absolutely cannot distinguish a victor for a specific category.2. Award points on S&G but NOT against obvious foreign language words3. Who did you agree with before the debate? This is a bias question PLEASE answer it. 4. Who did you agree with after the debate? Choose the opponent you awarded points for Most Convincing Argument. Clicking the later obviously means you agreed with that opponent (to a degree).5. Understand reliable isn't equivalent to credible--not in certain contexts. (SEE: . http://www.debate.org...). Choose an opponent."
"we don't know anything with absolution. This is just a slightly changed version of a debate I did already. The idea is that I can prove how any statement you can give me might be untrue. I don't need to disprove your statement, but simply show how it could be false. The challenger gives a statement in round 1, and I'll try to prove it possibly not true. you can come up with a new statement the later rounds, or refute my argument. the only rule is you can't chose the debate topic sentence topic, or any variation of it, for your sentence."
"mobile phones are a curse for todays youth. Mobile-phone use while driving is common. It is generally agreed that using a hand-held mobile phone while driving is a distraction that brings risk of road traffic accidents.A little attention is received recently towards the potential impact of the kind of electromagnetic fields generated by cellular phones on the human brain. Accumulating evidence indicate that microwave radiation from mobile phones may cause serious diseases and disturbances in the physiology. This includes an increased cancer risk and genetic damage, disturbed brain function and other effects. Mobile phone radiation and health concerns have been raised, especially following the enormous increase in the use of wireless mobile telephony throughout the world."
"It is right to kill animals to save human life. god created lacs of living being,among them human being are superior.qura'an reffers human being as ashraful makhlukaat(best of living beings)now comming to your debate,yes we can kill a animal to save a life of human beings as human being is precious,superior to animal.for example if some one tries to kill the prime minister of your country but his bodyguard comes forward and kills himself to save the life of pm.now a question for you,what happend is right or wrong?"
"Resolved: Governments should give food and money to care the poor. I totally rebutted everything. I know I didn't rebut the third so I will right now. 3. Even though the government can't help every single one who is in poverty, they have to at least help. The government's job is to takes care of the citizens. They must at least do something. Also like what you said, charities can't do everything too. We need a lot of the governments help to do this. Why I won this debate1. I made good rebuts, and even though it took some time, I rebutted Con's points."
"An eye for an eye will make the whole world go blind. ""I am surprised that you do not see the way these systems are executed, their consequences are almost equal."" I do see the way the system is executed; it is a PROPORTIONATE tit-for-tat system. As you have just stated, the consequences are ALMOST equal - but not exactly. This makes our judicial system NOT ""insanity"", because we do not have such punishments as raping the rapist or kidnapping the kidnapper. Since two wrongs do not make a right, we do it proportionally, so we do not constitute another wrong. However, the phrase ""an eye for an eye"" implies EXACT[ly equal] consequences, not proportionate/almost equal ones. As you said last round, this would be insanity, or ""making the whole world go blind"". ""i agree that in the case of ""an eye for an eye"", the punishment is direct retribution. however, you are again taking this in the literal sense."" No, I am relating it to real life, which is why it is a figure of speech. I am describing ""an eye for an eye"" as using direct retribution (which you have just agreed to) such as raping a rapist, and I am describing ""makes the whole world blind"" as making an unjust society, or ""insanity"", as you have put it. ""An eye for an eye"", or direct retribution, ""makes the world blind"", or is ""insanity""/an unjust society. My opponent has agreed with this."
"Abortion Is Morally Permissible in Most Cases for which It Occurs. ""Other things I noticed: - You failed to acknowledge that I proved your law statement false. - You failed to address the conflict with relative mortality risk in your mother risk exemption. - You failed to address how I responded to your child having grief exemption. - You failed to address how your criterion (you never had a criterion to begin with) for how it is wrong to abort a non-rape-baby and yet okay to abort a rape-baby. If the excuse is grievance on the mother's part, then why doesn't the grievance of an unwanted baby should also act as justification? How does your reasoning reconcile with the rights of the baby?"" First, the legal age may be 16, but in California (which is where I live), the legal age is 18. Second, it is wrong to abort a no-rape baby because the mother chose to have sex, while with a rape baby, the mother did not choose to have sex; she was forced to, so she should have the ability to have an abortion if she wishes."
"Conspiracy I: The Philadelphia Experiments. >>Some quotes from still-living members of the USS Eldridge on 26 March, 1999: Ed Wise: ""I think it's somebody's pipe dream"" Ted Davis: ""It never happened"" Bill Van Allen: ""I have not the slightest idea how these stories got started"" Ray Perrino: ""When people would ask me about it, I would play along with them and tell them I disappeared. After a while they realized I was pulling their legs"" Mike Perlstien: ""I tell them I know nothing about it. I've seen the movie, and it's a good movie, but there's no truth to it"" (Philadelphia Inquirer) As you can see, the crew of the Eldridge considers the whole notion of the Philadelphia experiment to be false and in some cases, even humorously so.<< This has already been negated. ""The most recent reports from Lt. Col. Philip Corso, reprinted on Dr. Steven Greer's CSETI website, indicate that almost everything in the description of the Philadelphia Experiment was true, except that in order to protect the story, a different ship was used than the one normally described to the public. The actual ship was a minesweeper, not a destroyer. Therefore, it makes sense when aging crewmembers of the Destroyer Escort U.S.S. Eldridge were queried about this, they remembered nothing of the sort. Although the evidence now suggests that the Eldridge was not the ship, we are told that the experiment itself apparently did occur."" - David Wilcock >>[according to himself] ""...one of two sailors who fell through time from the 1940's to 1988... and alien technology was used by secret government agencies to erase [Ed Duncan] from his own time track and give him the body and background of Al Bielek."" Right. Because people really fall through time and have alien technology used to transport them into another body. Law of parsimony states that Bielek is lying.<< When you are traveling through hyperspace, it is rather likely that you might end up in a different time period because you are outside of space-time. Sources say that aliens provided the technology for the experiment, so it's no surprise that the aliens were there to help him switch bodies. In conclusion, all my opponent had for evidence was crew members and captains who were not even aboard the actual ship that was used in the experiment. The Eldridge was not the ship used, it was a minesweeper, but the public is told it was the Eldridge to protect the story."
"There is evidence for God. I've proposed as evidence of God's existence, the unrealized effects that non-intelligent agents are directed towards. Such unrealized effects can only exist in a mind, and when considered as a whole, only in a mind outside of the universe with frightening power. In so far as these unrealized effects show there is a supreme intelligence, they are evidence that God exists. You could object to my argument either by contesting the existence of these unrealized effects, or by contesting that they're indicative of God's existence. You don't seem to have taken either route. Instead, you insist in your final remarks that our sensations, images and ideas are stored in our brains, not in some ""mind world."" And maybe this is the case with embodied minds. But, the aforementioned unrealized effects are not encoded in anyone's brain, at least in their totality. So, given that they exist in some sense - lest non-intelligent agents *fail* to be geared towards producing any particular effects - they must be in someone's mind, as ideas, thoughts, images or some sort of mental item. Therefore, even conceding your highly controversial remark about the nature of mental states, my argument seems unaffected. Thanks again for this exchange WaterTipper, it's a shame it was so short."
"Which is a better basis for determining sentencing?\As a guide to the sentencing decisions of judg... Which is a better basis for determining sentencing? Retributivism advocates that more serious crimes should be punished more seriously, because the more severe the violation of our rules, the greater the censure that is needed. It means that if X, a pickpocket, would get punishment A, then Y, a robber who uses force and then rapes his victim should get a proportionately more severe punishment, punishment B. The idea is ‘proportionality’, not ‘equivalence’ – nobody is suggesting we should rob Y and then rape him to “pay him back”. It is thus very different from the idea of an “an eye for an eye”. What matters is merely that more serious crimes are treated proportionately more seriously. Punishment A may one month’s probation while B may be 10 years imprisonment. By contrast, under a rehabilitative model where the goal was the reformation of the offender, the pickpocket may well get 10 years imprisonment if he looks like he is not going to reform, while the robber-rapist may get one month’s probation if he is repentant – a result that is surely ridiculous. When it comes to deciding the quantum of punishment, proportionality (retributivism) is the only consistent and fair approach."
"The Death Penalty Should be Abolished. The first point of yours I would like to address is what crimes should get the death penalty. I believe everyone has the right to live, But I also believe you can be stripped of that right if you take another person's life. Some crimes are so heinous and inherently wrong that they demand strict penalties The punishment should fit the crime. Second, If you take a very dangerous criminal's life, Then there is no possible way for them to commit more crimes. If they have a life sentence, There is still a chance that they could escape, Kill/rape another inmate, Or harm guards/anyone who works at the prison. Third, Regarding innocent men being executed, They should know that a unanimous jury of 12 citizens must render the death verdict after an exhaustive trial where the accused murderer is represented by two highly competent attorneys and overseen by an independent judge who ensures a fair trial. I do realize innocent people are going to get killed sometimes, But the changes of that happening are very slim, And the very small chance of executing the wrong person is balanced by the benefits to society of putting off other murderers. Even if you take away the death penalty, Innocent people will still get life sentences, Which you said is a worse punishment. In regard to ""giving them a second chance"", I think the likelihood of them being found innocent after the first rigorous trial is very slim to none."
"Parallel Universe. He had arrived unexpectedly, nearly two years ago. Where he came from was as unknown to the majority of the population, as was his purpose for coming, but the fact of the matter was that he was here now and he had a firm grip on the region. The police were at his command and the politicians that were still alive and out of prison were in his pocket. Upon his arrival, there was an aura of mystery about him. His skin was an odd color. He seemed to be of caucasian decent, but there was a very subtle, unnatural green hue that could only be seen under the proper lighting. He spoke English, but there was a slight hint of an accent that no local could link to any familiar origin. When he arrived with no luggage, no money, no vehicle and no possessions - aside from the clothes on his back (which seemed more like something from the 1970's than today's style) - all that the people had were questions about him. Now, nearly two years later, very few answers have been found and the only real difference is that the amount of questions had increased. How had he climbed the political ladder so rapidly? What were his ultimate goals, now that he had achieved so much power? All that the people really knew at this time is that he sought power, he obtained power and they likely had not seen the worst yet."
"Use blank in a story. Challenge. There was once a small kingdom named Carthyass and there was the king and queen. They were scared of xenephobe because all the other kingdoms had good defense, but there prince just died so there was a lot of commotion of who will be the next prince. The king and queen knew that they could get attacked any time so waited. The day came. There was war. With no prince there was a lot of confusion. They had a high sense of xenophobe because all the other kingdoms loved to fight. The sat in a corner and waited an waited. Finally they heard the news. There kingdom Carthyass was getting stronger. Now the king and queen thought they had a small possibility to win. They tried all there best. They tried to stop the fear of Xenophobe.Three months later the war ended. They had huge victory. Now the kingdom were now all at peace. No other countries could stop them. The kingdom called Carthyass happily lived for ever and did not get in attack. Pro's word is kakorrhaphiophobia."
"Capital gains should be taxed as ordinary income. You do make a compelling point, which I think goes only to highlight that not all capital gains deserve to be treated equally. It also highlights how efficient our capital markets have become in allowing wealth to sustain wealth by simply investing it in the markets and putting your money to work passively. However, I'd much agree that direct investments (by small/medium business owners who are making decisions about hiring & firing workers, etc.) are arguably more important to society than passive investment decisions. As such, I would very much favor a reduced capital gains tax on small-business owners engaged in hiring new employees to grow their business. Perhaps for every new employee hired, busiesses are able to claim a deduction on their capital gains tax.However, I don't believe it is government's role to dtermine how much individuals ""want to work"". There wil always be some who value their time more than money, and others who are always hungrier for more. In absolute terms, individuals generally decide to either work or not, and if they are working, they're going to maximize their self-interest. If in the high-tax environment, the CEO decides that his time isn't worth the effort to open the new location, then there's probably another entrepreneur out there who is willing to put their time into it. In fact, the original CEO's passive investment may find its way toward funding the hungrier entrepreneur, who wants to translate their effort and time into increased outcomes. Finally, we should also keep in mind that there are obvious benefits to the higher tax environment, that come in the form of government spending. In the high tax environment, the government ends up with 20% more funds with which to educate & train the next round of entrepreneurs who are hungry & willing to go out and build businesses. As such, I rest my case that taxing capital gains as ordinary income would be best for the greater economic good."
"Animals Can be Consumed by Humans. Let me start by saying that I eat meat, So I'm not exactly the perfect person for this debate. That being said, I do believe that being a vegetarian is a good moral decision and that many of the things we do to animals are indeed ""slaughter, Cruelty, And savagery. "" When you say that eating meat is natural, I assume that you're thinking about killing a chicken or a dear in the wild. That is absolutely not what is really going on in developed countries. These animals are being born, Raised, And killed just to be eaten. Chickens are being raised in cages that aren't large enough for them to turn around. The first and only time they ever come out of that cage they are killed, Cooked, And eaten. Not to mention the hormones and drugs that the animals are injected with throughout their lives. So from my point of view, Eating animals isn't the issue, The way that they're treated while they're alive is."
"Ron Swanson is better than Leslie Knope. Leslie Knope is better than Ron Swanson because she is the actual backbone of the department. She does the work Ron Swanson doesn't do because he hates the government. Also Leslie has prevented Ron from making mistakes he would regret. , like getting back together with Tammy 1 and 2 multiple times. ""He has closed many unnecessary recreational spaces during his tenure, including the Portola Skate Park, the Grice Dog Run, the Morris-Easton Observatory, the Mohanga Native American Heritage Center, and most public drinking fountains. "" Leslie has made Pawnee more enjoyable and would have kept the Grice Dog Run open if it wasn't for Ron. Do you hate dogs? Is that why you support Ron in being able to take down Dog runs? Ron may be able to fight bears but Leslie Knope could befriend bears with her color coded binders. Source: . http://parksandrecreation.wikia.com..."
"Society creates an image for teens to follow. It's no question that society creates an image for teenagers to follow everyday. When teens see an image of someone who look so ""perfect"" in a form of media, they want to be just like them. This causes tons of problems like anorexia, drug use, underage drinking, and even suicide. If society thinks it's okay to photo shop photos then they are way off because it makes teens overuse makeup and even have eating disorders due to the fact that they are not the definition of perfect. Then you see famous people getting drunk or even smoking weed and teens think it's automatically okay because the people that did these things are what seems to be not affected by their actions. Also, ecstasy has become very popular since singers sang songs about how cool it is but in reality it can kill you! These are many reasons that celebrities and media have impacted our lives and there are tons more, but I think you get my point."
"Wrong doings are created by good intentions. Alright, i'm sorry if i'm going to make this short, for i don't have enough time . Anyway, since it is clearly obvious that you're going to win this debate , so for that, I say thank you for participating in my debate, and you sir/mam is awesome. anyway, to end this debate, all I want to state is this : Every decision we make is often the result of our instinct. And since that the judgement of what is good and right is subjective and differs from other peoples view. In my point of view, most of our decisions are in good intentions, whether to provide for ourselves, our families or friends. there, to conclude my losing argument. Hope that we can do this again! Take Care my opponent!"
"There are official french alternatives. The French often call the use of Franglais “Anglo snobberie” and those who use it as opposed to the standard version of their mother tongue “Anglo snobs”. This is why the organisation Defense de la langue française (DLF)[1] exists – to invent terminology that prevents the French language from embracing yet more Franglais. The movement supports the use of such words as un balladeur as opposed to un walkman. Défense de la langue française also regulates the quota of Francophone songs that must be played at peak listening hours on French radio stations.  Public opinion must be taken into account; the French DO express opposition to the anglicising of their language and so the Défense de la langue française must be brought into effect, for this is the purpose it seeks to serve and it exists to solve these very problems. [1] Défense de la langue française, Home page"
"Tradesmen and Laborers Are Subhuman. Tradesmen and Laborers are clearly normal humans. They eat the same food as everyone else. They enjoy the same television as everyone else. Many of the best things made in the world are handmade - by tradesmen. If there weren't people like the tradesmen and laborers, those who live at the ""top of the food chain"" wouldn't have all their wealth and power. They are all recognised by the United Nations, as well as all the western Nations of the world to be Homo Sapiens. Human Beings, fully fledged, and not at all a sub-race to the rest of us. They are the building blocks, the wide base, that allows the small population at the top to be there. Everyone has their worth."
"America should split into multiple countries. 1. New England-new England to Illinois 2. Dixie-GA and Tennessee over to Texas and OK 3. California- California, Hawaii, Alaska, NV, WA, OR, 4. Republic of the Midwest- Nebraska up to Minnesota, Over to NM and stops before Illinois BOP is on me My opponent starts the debate however they wish to Note: The split would be peaceful and it would be assumed that about 15% of people would move into a place that they fit better politically and socially. Political issues will be mentioned in detail but I would prefer this to be more of a debate about the societies of the new countries. Again, both will be mentioned. (Keep in mind I have limited the number of characters available to keep this debate shorter for the readers.)"
"The Mandela effect is fake. The burden of proof is shared.The Mandela Effect is defined as ""The Mandela effect is the observed phenomenon of people having clear memories of events that did not occur or misremembering significant events and facts."", gotten from this site: http://whatis.techtarget.com...I'll be talking about a few popular examples of the Mandela Effect in Round 2, as well as why I think it happens."
"The historical reasons for which the state of Lesotho exists are no longer relevant in a post-apartheid South Africa. The Basotho people existed as a separate state for decades before colonization. There was a separate Basotho identity long before the instauration of the apartheid in SA. Their history and roots gives Lesotho an identity that is different from that of their only neighbors. That Lesotho never suffered under apartheid is in itself a big difference from South Africa where the legacy still looms large. Lesotho has taken measures to highlight their differences from South Africa; In 2013 Lesotho introduced national identification documents.[1] [1] Tefo, Tefo, ‘Lesotho finally introduces national ID’, Public Eye, 5 July 2013,http://publiceye.co.ls/?p=2932"
"ROLE OF STATE. If a man wants to marry into a citizen of a MEDC he does find the spouse. However when there is one person willing to do this then there would be more ""costumers"" to this fraud. Rather than having many felons all over the country the criminal scope will be narrowed down to only a few, making it easier for the state to take action and lesser people forced into this. Thus, all the native problems will actually be decreased by the more suspicious felons. We believe that illegal polygamy will be of more damage to the children's and the mothers' mental development than legal one. With no legal registration under the law the women in polygamy are more vulnerable to abuse. Because there are no state law for these illegal wives and children, they are scared and ashamed of contacting lawful institutions when they are abused. Since polygamy is illegal they are under constant pressure of hiding their relationships with the men and therefore seize to make it public by contacting the police. For the children, when they are raised to hide their true identity and origins they build a psychological burden which is more capable of causing disturbed mental development rather than inequality of sexes. When the father sneaks to meet his second wife and the children born between them, the children are incapable of building a father figure, a male resemblance at all. These cause far more extreme problems than when divorce occurs. When a polygamous marriage takes place both parties have to go through the circumstances of any marriage. This marriage will have to approved by all the wives if a man wants have another wife (in the case of a polygyny). Thus, having been through broader and deeper consideration the marriage will be less likely to end up in a divorce. Also if the father dies the illegal wife and children are legally under no condition of receiving possessions. Therefore the state should make polygamy legal to improve the conditions of illegal wives and children."
"0,5=information=not real. 1=1=something= some+thing = real Information = perceived+reality = subjective = 0(zero) - objective So, I agree to Pro. Information = not real. Here is where I disagree. 0,5 is data, not information. http://www.diffen.com... Information is data with meaning, but this 0,5 has no unit or relevance to anything in the real world and thus is not actually information and it has no subjective reality beyond the data that is the number that it is. On top of that 0,5 is the European way of writing 0.5 and that's not even an integer so it's not even a relevant piece of data in the first place as data should be made to be an integer as much as possible."
"Life is useless without a religious purpose. The bop is on me? I didnt know that. But anyways, let's see what I have to proof. 1) life is useless. The conditions are that a person isn't religious. I think I did give an explanation of this theory. But I'll explain it a bit further. A person, doesn't believe in god. And we all know that religion tells a person to serve humanity and others and to believe in life after death. These all things make a person selfless and a person starts caring more about the society than his own self. Now considering this person doesn't have a religion. This person doesn't have any real motive to serve society. Or to believe in life after death. Thus, this person becomes selfish because according to him, he could die any moment. And he would be gone forever. Now, this makes him live this life to its extremes and many people might argue that he does so to serve society too and its not just for himself. That person lives for himself. If you ask him 'do you want to die today?' He is obviously going to say 'no'. Because he has to live more. He has more desires he has to fulfill. That's all for now. Thanks.."
"Raising The Minimum Wage. Albeit a noble cause to champion the betterment of the lower class and fight for the right to higher income, I think there are some serious potential repercussions that could stem from arbitrarily raising the minimum wage or allowing it to adjust freely and based on the consumer price index or by some other impartial means of quantifying the current cost of living. For instance, If you raise the minimum wage in general or allow it to fluctuate based on expenses, Either way you would be creating some kind of interference with where the equilibrium lies in the job market. Why is that bad you may ask. . . Arbitrarily setting wages to high would create a surplus of labor as employers wouldn't be able to instantly adapt to the increased labor costs and stop hiring/layoff current workers deemed non-essential. Allowing the wage to fluctuate with the cost of living would most likely cause wages to shoot up in the long term leading to a similar effect only with a higher cost of living to go along with it. This is assuming that because wages would go up to match the new cost of living associated with various products and services, More money could now be spent on these items the next year creating a demand that would otherwise not be there. As a result the market would react and prices would go up causing wages to than react under this system and rise once more the following year, And so the cycle would continue either inflating the currency indefinitely, Or if wages became so high that employers were unwilling to pay them, You would then once more have a surplus in labor, As well as a surplus of overpriced goods that would now be in an economic free fall. People would be unemployed and unable to afford things, Then prices would fall out and businesses would shut their doors entirely. At least that""s my doomsday scenario. What do you think? Is my understanding of the economics at play here at all accurate?"
"Abortion should be illegal world wide. You say that abortion is killing a baby, but abortion is the termination of a fetus, not a baby. A fetus is simply a template which has yet to develop any form of emotion or sentience. I guarantee a chicken has more intelligence than a fetus, yet judging from your profile picture I bet you eat a lot of chicken. So how can you defend the existence of a template while eating the flesh of a butchered animal? I know chicken is tasty, but you can't speak about morals and ""A right to live"" when you're devouring flesh like a feral beast! If a woman can't look after this template properly then why should we wait until it develops sentience? It would be given the ability to feel, yet be bough into a world to feel only pain. That is truly barbaric and that is the evil you so wrongfully defend. To be pro-life you must be pro-suffering. People don't get abortions casually, they get them due to personal reasons that will alter their life. Maybe their dad raped them and couldn't pull out in time to jizz on their belly. To this I ask, who the f**k are you to tell any woman that she has to give birth?"
"When developing countries employ poor labour standards, other countries follow the example in order to be competitive. This is similar to the debate of imposing uniform carbon emission caps on all nations. This would be unfair as the developing world would be at a disadvantage as it takes away one of the ways in which poorer countries compete effectively in the global market; through having lower prices as a result of those lower standards.  That is why keeping lower standards that are more easily met is better than having an unachievable and unfair standard. "
"Tablets should replace textbooks. My opponent hasn't posted an argument, so I'll I'll throw down some quick additional points without too much formality. Hopefully my opponent will return for their next round. _____________ - Textbooks don't require batteries, a Wi-Fi connection, or special storage conditions other than 'not wet'. This makes them more durable in terms of use. People in remote areas without power or internet deserve the ability to learn and have access to information. - This characteristic also makes textbooks better for long-term storage. The rapidly escalating obsolescence of technology means that attempting to store data long-term requires regular upgrades and maintenance. In the case of servers, it is also expensive and requires cooling towers, full-time staff and infrastructure. Books don't have this problem. We have found books throughout history that haven't been cared for, and do not require firmware updates or attempts to backwards-build the technology used to make them in order to gain access. Although archives do typically use filtered air and have numbered shelves, this and the staff are pretty much the extent of the costs involved. - Provided they are secured in a bomb-proof shelter, books are invulnerable to attack; no technological/cyber warfare can shut them down. They can't be hacked. And if you give one to every person or airdrop them in, then they're untraceable. - Great for zombie apocalypses. - Smell delicious."
"Xenotransplantation. Chimpanzees and baboons non-human primates wern""t going to be of good use of transplanting their organs to human.""..chimpanzees and baboons, were originally used as xenotransplant donors, but concerns about spread of infectious disease.."" It would be of higher risk and pigs organs are similar to humans,less of a risk.""""risk of infectious diseases is lower than in non-human primates..""Xenotransplantation is a good cause for humans and pigs.People already kill pigs for food what""s the the problem if we use them for saving someones life."
"Flame War Insults. So you're basically that if I want to, I can believe in anyone's intentions and people wont hate me for it. What if I said I like the KKK? You would probably bring that up, wouldn't you? You realize that Manga is made by everybody, not just Japanese people. That's pretty much stereotyping at it's finest. We shouldn't have brought in fandoms huh? That's a laugh, considering YOU""RE THE ONE WHO BROUGHT THEM IN IN THE FIRST PLACE!!! Implying that every person in a fandom is a 40 year old brony is also stereotyping Here's my picture of my opponent: He is a superiority complex-minded, virgin d*uchebag who likes nothing more than to antagonize on sight with everybody who doesn't share his hot passion for dead Russian leaders. As you silently make love to a Stalin cardboard cutout with a cat as a face, trying not to get caught(as he lives in his mother's basement), you ponder where life could have been if you haven't been so stereotypical about your old Japanese boss, who fired you after you asked what Manga he was thinking of making. GET DUNKED ON!"
"My Opponent Will Lose This Debate. -- In this debate, the cards will be stacked against Con. If Con accepts, it means that he also accepts the rules by default; no contesting a rule after accepting the debate --Rule 1: If a rule is broken (directly or indirectly), then an automatic 7 point forfeit results for whoever broke the rule, assuming that rule applies to them.Rule 2: Rules with a * directly beside them only apply to my opponent*Rule 3: First round is just for acceptance*Rule 4: In every round, every other letter must be a capital letter, with the remaining letters being lower case letters, starting with a lower case letter (For example, ""aBcDeF..."" but obviously they don't have to be in alphabetical order). This rule must be applied to each line individually, and my opponent can chose as many lines as he choses.Rule 5: No contesting a rule after the debate has been acceptedHave fun, it should be entertaining ha"
"""Pinning the homosexuals"" is a terrible idea. Full Resolution: Penning the homosexuals as suggested by my opponent is a terrible idea. First, let us clear this up. My opponent has made an outrageous post in the forums suggesting that we should ""Pin the gays"" from society so that they eventually die out. Here is the forum post he made so you can see what he is suggesting: http://www.debate.org... My opponent has suggested to: ""Build a great, big, large fence — 150 or 100 mile long — put all the lesbians in there. Do the same thing for the queers and the homosexuals and have that fence electrified so they can't get out…and you know what, in a few years, they'll die out…do you know why? They can't reproduce!"" In order for me to win this debate, I have to show that: 1. True Christians as defined by the Bible would not support this. 2. This entire idea would not work."
"Barbie is a Feminist Icon Take 2. Yeah, I collect dolls. I love them. I don't know why. I just do. Okay, I'm going to rebut. I doubt that's a word but I oh well. 1. Okay, I see what saying. Yes, looking at Barbie a little girl might get the idea that she's suppose to look like Barbie. But if you say that, what about the toys made for boys? Most action figures are made to be muscular and handsome. How come that doesn't harm boys? Honestly, I think Barbie doesn't effect a girl's perception of beauty as much as we think. If anything, the media is worse. The media is constantly telling us what to buy and what to wear. Barbie only says be yourself. 2. I see what you're saying but it seems to be that you think being a housewife or an air hostess isn't empowering. Yeah, they're not the most exciting jobs but if a person loves to do it, then it empowers them. The good thing about Barbie is shows girls that they can be adventurous or not and still enjoy their job. 3. Kids are a lot smarter than we think Jimmy. They realize things. They learn by watching people as well as playing. I've been around kids (I'm studying to be a pre-school teacher) and kids pick up on emotions. An example: I once burned my hand and one of the boys I was watching came over to kiss my boo-boo. He wanted me to feel better, he felt empathy. Kids learn a lot in the first few years and they continue to learn as they go on. The concept of love shouldn't be to hard for them to grasp. As for the movies....I kinda agree with you on that. They kinda are one-sided. However, Barbie now stars in a web series called Life in the Dreamhouse. Not only does she show how kind she is but she also builds herself a car, rides a plane and even built a car for Ken. It's done a great job showing girls how you can be girly and strong too! Your turn Jimmy!"
"Gay Marrige Should Stay Legal in America. Gay marriage should not be stay legalized in America. Marriage is to make a family, not for pleasure, and homosexuality is unnatural and immoral. The most obvious reason is that marriage is for procreation, and gay couples obviously cannot reproduce. Children also need both a father and mother. With girls who are raised without a father, according to ""Not Yet Equal: The Health of Lesbian, Gay, & Bisexual Youth"", teen pregnancy rates are nearly quadrupled, and children raised without a mother do not have the emotional support and security mothers provide. An 1859 Supreme Court ruling stated, ""the first purpose of matrimony, by the laws of nature and society, is procreation."" Court papers in 2014 also stated, ""the State regulates marriage for the primary purpose of channeling potentially procreative sexual relationships into enduring unions for the sake of joining children to both their mother and their father... Same-sex couples can never provide a child with both her biological mother and her biological father."" Children with heterosexual parents are proven to do better in life and the argument for children is all for banning gay marriage. Similar to marriage being for procreation, homosexuality is completely unnatural and immoral. The only reason someone would be gay is for their own pleasure. Like the previous paragraph, that is not what marriage is for. Being gay is unnatural because gay is a choice, and we are all naturally born straight."
"Conservatism and Libertarianism. Resolved: Conservatism and Libertarianism are ideological allies. I am Affirming. The burden of proof is shared, my opponent needs to show that on balance, the goals of Libertarianism and Conservatism are too far apart to be treated as actual allies. What exactly defines a Libertarian and Conservative will be a point of contention between my opponent and myself, but my opponent acknowledges upon accepting that the definitions need to be within reason. For clarification I will be defending Hoppes thesis that statist conservatism is essentially self defeating. Citing one's sources outside of the debate is permissible."
"The Sikhist God is the christian god. No, it Cleary says ""you are the light"", as in God, God is the light of the world, but even if it was referring internal light, th is would not be wrong, because the bible refers to us as smaller lights. I also found a good Sikhism scripture: ""It is a woman who keeps the race going; we should not consider women cursed and condemned, from women are born leaders and rulers."" - Guru Nanak, Founder of Sikhism Maybe the chauvinistic pig Christians should go learn a thing or two from the Sikhists,"
"Persuasion is more effective than coercion. Forcing people into voting when they are disengaged from the politic process will exacerbate this problem; no one likes doing something simply because they have to. Election results may be skewed, particularly in marginal seats, by voters who vote at random because they still don't bother to find out about the candidates, parties and policies involved. Rather than forcing people to vote, more should be done to engage the public in political life. Westminster is a distant body, detached from real life, and should be made more relevant and more deserving of the public's trust, for example by releasing full details of MPs' expenses. Citizenship classes should teach the importance of the electoral process, and the history of the suffragette movement, the reform bills of the 19th century and the responsibilities of living in a democracy."
"god exists. I accept.It seems that I did indeed win the last debate, but mostly because my opponent was a troll. For what it's worth to the readers, I would be very eager to try that debate again with someone else on another occasion.In this debate, however, I do not believe that I will be arguing with metaphysics or epistemology so much as I will be arguing from the standpoint of rhetoric. My primary claim is that anecdotal evidence is insufficient for effectively arguing any kind of point. I will also argue for the distinct difference between beliefs that fulfill the pragmatic concerns and those that fulfill doxastic concerns, and explain why doxastic concerns are the only ones worth debating over.In this game of chess, I declare myself the black player, and pro can make the first move.Cheers! And may the best debater win."
"Neo-Nazis and Fascists Are In Control of Ukraine's Government. Right then. You might or might not be aware of the far-right political party ""Svoboda"" which has several members in high-ranking positions in Ukraine's parliament presently. Oleh Tyahnebok, its leader, co-signed a letter to President Yuschenko in early 2005. He wanted the president to investigate ""criminal activities of organized Jewry in Ukraine."" He also has made comments such as the one in his speech at the Carpathian Mountains in 2004: ""You are the ones that the Moscow- Jewish mafia ruling Ukraine fears the most"" (referring to the Ukrainian people watching on television) It is noteworthy that this man was giving the speech in recognition of members of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army, or UPA, which committed crimes such as the murder of over a million Jews in western Ukraine. ""They were not afraid and we should not be afraid. They took their automatic guns on their necks and went into the woods, and fought against the Muscovites, Germans, Jews and other scum who wanted to take away our Ukrainian state."" So said Svoboda's leader about Hitler's Ukrainian agents. Of course, he neglected to tell them about the UPA's collaboration with Hitler. Or who knows, could have slipped his mind... No. He knew very well he was leaving that part out of his speech. It is Noteworthy that Svoboda was also once known as the ""Social-National Party of Ukraine"", with a modified Wolfsangel rune as its symbol. Members in Parliament: Deputy Prime Minister (resigned recently) Environment Minister Minister of Agriculture Sure, that may not seem like much, but these people spearheaded the protests with pictures of Stepan Bandera, head of the organization that controlled the UPA, firebombs, and T-shirts that said things like ""Beat the Kikes"" and ""Svoboda"". Also, on May 9, Russian Victory Day (over Nazi Germany), Arseniy Yatsenyuk, acting Prime Minister, made the comment ""Let us honor the brave soldiers of the UPA who died this day"". Arseniy Yatsenyuk is not a member of Svoboda but is Ukrainian nationalist and did support the protests. Andriy Parubiy, head of the Ukrainian National Security Council, gave the title ""Hero of Ukraine"" to Stepan Bandera. This man is also conducting the ""antiterrorist"" operations in East Ukraine presently. Many of the protesters were inducted into the Ukrainian National Guard by this man following the revolution. Oleh Tyahnebok supports Yatsenyuk. The ""Right Sector"", an organization similar to Svoboda, also had a major part in the protests. So, explain to me, are they not Neo-Nazis?"
"Sub-state dissident groups in repressive regimes are able to use the internet in their attempts to d... The internet frequently works against democracy in the hands of sub-state groups. The internet is the primary medium of coordination for Jihadist groups looking to undermine the few Middle-Eastern states which are in the process of transition to democracy. In April 2007, groups of hackers (allegedly backed by the Russian government) attacked the websites of key politicians, ministries and utilities in Estonia in retaliation for the removal of a Soviet war memorial. The internet has even been used in an attempt to directly influence the outcome of an election through disruptive tactics when in the 2006 Belarusian elections, the websites of the main opposition candidates went offline in the run-up to the election as the result of persistent DDOS attacks. Often what democracy needs to develop is a stable base for elections and the internet is routinely used to disrupt the development of such a base."
"Education is about teaching culture, the arts, and creativity. We must be realistic in education; we need to prepare our students for the difficulties of the real world. It is those subjects that are vocational in nature and/ or life skills, home language (not literature), mathematics, science, modern languages, business studies and law that must take priority in schools. We must equip and train the new generation to successfully gain employment. Therefore, artistic subjects like poetry do not take priority. "
"Discussion with A Religious Man. Con has no question. wasted this round wwithout evidence, throwing once again opinions as Facts. Sigh!Con himself is guilty of ALL the listed actions of the FLesh as are all of the readers ... yet insists there IS MORALITY?I am not here to listen to lies, imaginings and whinin! I offer you truth only! Not like Con opinion!Example can I prove that YOU ... ALL of you SIN? What have you hit your head? You already know you have taken something not yours, had sex out of wedlock, lied to get out of trouble, cheated on your taxes. My truthfulness is ""NOT"" in question!There IS NO MORALITY within the Human Race, never has been. A simple LOOK at your Government tells you that. If your Blind , that isn't MY FAULT.Like the fool Con resorts to MAN's truth which are imaginings guesses and lies. I present Gods Word ... Con presents Man's , Like I said at the beginning, ONLY Gods TRUTH IS truth.Believe, don't believe ... not MY Concern. Your decision your consequence!As there ARE no questions just whinings on this round. I leave the whiner to himself and his tantrum."
"InVitro Fertilization. The main point of their argument is to adopt rather than to go through InVitro Fertilization. However, people who go through InVitro don't only undergo the procedure for a child, but for the experience of pregnancy itself. Having a child of your own versus adoption both are options for people who want children in general, however, InVitro accommodates those who are seeking the connection of pregnancy as well. Also, you say ""People who adopt not only are having children without a costly procedure…"" however adoption is more expensive than InVitro fertilization. InVitro costs anywhere between $12,000-$17,000 whereas adoption ""can range from $5,000 to $40,000 or more depending on a variety of factors including services provided, travel expenses, birthmother expenses, requirements in the state, and other factors"" according to Adoption.com. There are many more costly factors resulting in a procedure most likely to be more expensive. You also claim that InVitro takes ""excessive amounts of money and time on a procedure"" and ""that with adoption, the woman would receive the immediate satisfaction"". However, adoption costs more and can take up to an average of 9 months for the adoption process to be complete according to actionadoption.org. Therefore there is no ""immediate satisfaction""."
"Anthropogenic Climate Change Exists. This discussion is about Climate Change Anomalies from the years 1900 to 2200 (see comments section), and whether they are anthropogenic. Anomalies are deviations from ""schedule"" weather cycles, and can include both hot and cold extremes, making ""global warming"" only half of this discussion. So, right off the bat, temperature anomalies began rising just after the year 1900 [1]. . http://climate.nasa.gov...; />As shown in the following chart [2], this corresponds closely with a recent rise in CO2 emissions. This chart shows that CO2 levels have always travelled in cycles, but broke their most recent scheduled downward cycle to reach their highest level in over 400,000 years. In a sense, one might say nature did half the work on CO2 and the human race took it from there. . http://climate.nasa.gov...; />Correllation is obviously not causation, but the mechanics that link CO2 to temperature have been well documented. Atmospheric Greenhouse Effects: A Review [3]CO2 does not deflect visible light, which is what originally makes it to the earth's surface. Upon reaching the earth's surface, visible light is partially absorbed by the earth or water, and partially reflected. The reflection process lowers its energy level, turning it into infrared light. CO2 deflects infrared light. So CO2's reflective properties for the earth are one-directional. Visible light pass downward unperturbed, but upward infrared is deflected downwards / sideways. This effectually increases the amount of light striking the surface of the planet, which at current greenhouse levels protects life from the freezing cold of space, and at future levels threatens to roast life - not to death, but to ecological disequilibrium. . http://climate.nasa.gov...; />Oceanic Greenhouse Effects: A ReviewThe oceans currently absorb atmospheric CO2 and are undergoing a resulting drop in pH. They are also currently absorbing most of the extra heat from the sun, and therefore are experiencing a rise in temperature. Once they heat to a certain point, the oceans are expected to start releasing CO2 back into the atmosphere, which may include massive reserves that have been down there for millions of years. However, before the oceans can truly begin warming, the ice caps have to melt. . http://arctic.atmos.uiuc.edu...; />And as we can see here [4], though the ice caps have shown about a half-century lag behind the thinner, more responsive atmosphere, they are roughly 1 million square kilometers smaller than they ought to be, as of 2014. It appears that climate anomalies are closely associated with CO2 levels, that CO2 levels are primarily anthropogenic and will continue to be so until the next 'natural' CO2 spike roughly one hundred thousand years from now (chart 1), and that the greenhouse mechanisms behind all this are straightforward and established. 1. . http://climate.nasa.gov...2. . http://climate.nasa.gov... 3. . http://climate.nasa.gov...4. . http://arctic.atmos.uiuc.edu..."
"Gun Rights. I will start by countering what all pro-gun rights people say: ""Guns don't kill people. People kill people. "" I understand that it takes a person to pull the trigger, But where are we if there is no trigger to be pulled? Yes, There are ways to kill besides guns, But without them the task would be a lot harder. Of course, Many will say that criminals will get there hands on guns, Just as they do other illegal things. However, I'm not suggesting that taking away guns will fix the problem, I'm just saying that it will help. It seems like a tough case to say that more people would be murdered without guns than with. Keep in mind that firearms are made for one purpose: to kill and injure."
"Gandhigiri is relevant in today's world. Gandhigiri is relevant today. I would like to oppose the motion. Let us start by stating the example of India and Pakistan. As you can well observe, there are terrorist attacks, bombarding, bloodsheds, and none of the countries living in harmony. Is this what Gandhi wanted? He has given us such ideologies to work upon, shouldn""t we respect his thoughts and views. No one can deny the fact that we have failed to follow the footsteps of Mahatma Gandhi. I would like to ask you, are we putting Gandhiji""s philosophies to good use? Mahatma Gandhi was a selfless leader for whom the problems of his country were at the forefront. His uniqueness did not lie in the fact that he was extraordinary, but in his being extraordinarily ordinary and this simplicity of his was reflected by his ideas. In today""s developing world, the individuality and personality is disappearing. With such a state of affairs, no one can become an influential leader like Gandhiji. The only solution to today""s emerging problems like corruption, violence, terrorism and black money is Satyagrah, which should be imbibed in the country. We need to learn that Gandhiji""s methods of resolution can solve major world issues without the need of revenge and war. I would therefore like to conclude by saying that I do not find enough proof of Gandhigiri in the world to say that ""Gandhigiri is relevant today"". Passing on to PRO"" ATB!"
"Have Brazil, Russia, India, and China had a positive effect on the United States. Look, you're little tidbit about the 'lead poisoning'. Seriously, there have only been three or four reported cases where that lead actually hurt anyone, and the problem has been dealt with the best way the American public knows how. A big media scandal, investors taking out their shares, the company losing money, and fixing the problem. Also, you can't help the people of a country without helping the government, unless you're proposing the U.N. start setting up food aid. Clearly, you don't understand world economics. In world economics, the easiest, fastest way to get money from one country to another is business to business, government to government. The people can't be directly helped. Besides, you need businesses to make jobs. When businesses get money, they don't cut jobs. They cut jobs when they lose money. If a business in America doesn't get money, it doesn't have any to pay to its workers, so it cuts jobs. If it gets more money, it expands, and creates more jobs. And it's not like China is the primary one to blame for our unemployment. Our unemployment is due to a bad economy and poor government handling of that bad economy. All China did was take some of the jobs people here didn't want to do. In order for American businesses to even compete in a global economy, they have to outsource jobs so they can expand. If businesses go down, even more jobs are lost. Therefore, we should at least keep most of the jobs and have a few people out of a job for a couple of months, rather than blaming China and losing even more. And about the militaries. When Russia invaded Georgia, the entire world yelled at us to do something. Not the U.N., us. Every time something goes sour, we are always expected to deal with the problem. Somalia, Panama, Kosovo, the list goes on. If more and more countries started taking a more active role, like the BRIC countries are starting to, the burden would be less on our Army, so we would have more money in our own pockets. In the end, BRIC is not the enemy, or the friend. Relationships between countries are much more complicated than that. Maybe in the future they might turn on us. But the topic of the debate is if they HAVE HAD a positive impact, and so far, they have."
"We should devote all of earths resources to space exploration. While it does require food for the Astronauts, there is no way you can claim that regular people would be fed by the space program. I would like to remind you of your own resolution, not mine, ""We should devote all of earths resources to space exploration"". How do you plan to have it ""aid in the future exploitation of resources found"" if all of our resources have already been spent on exploration? I am going to remind both you and the voters that you have the BoP and also, according to your resolution, ALL of earth's resources should be devoted to space exploration. Even supposing that we should focus some of our resources on space exploration, it is absurd to say that we should devote all of them or there will be no resources left, and earth will be nothing but an empty shell of starving people and collapsing governments. You say ""The resources of people,food and water are included in the resources needed for the space program"". Yeah, I know. According to your resolution, EVERY resource is going to be devoted to space exploration, apparently even ones that are not needed for space exploration. This is unreasonable."
"Devolution has demonstrated the ability of Scots to govern themselves not only as well as Westminster but with more civility. It may well be the case that the model of politics at Westminster needs to be reviewed but that does not speak to the issue of independence. Furthermore, it is interesting how many of the parties’ ‘big beasts’ (influential) chose to stay at Westminster – including Alex Salmond for a term. Equally, in the light of the credit crunch, it is questionable as to whether constantly giving away populist freebies such as free eye-tests[i] when the parliament is not responsible for raising the taxes to pay for it hardly represents good politics. Furthermore, in its brief life, there has been no shortage of political scandal at Holyrood, including the resignation of one First Minister in disgrace over an expenses scandal. [i] BBC News, ‘Scotland brings in free eye tests’, 31 March 2006, http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/4865828.stm"
"Higher taxes discourage hard work. ""America’s producers can compete successfully in the international arena – as long as they have a level playing field. Today’s tax code is tilted against them, with one of the highest corporate tax rates of all developed countries. That not only hurts American investors, managers, and the U.S. balance of trade; it also sends American jobs overseas. We support a major reduction in the corporate tax rate so that American companies stay competitive with their foreign counterparts and American jobs can remain in this country."""
"The M1 Garand was superior to any other rifle in service during WWII. General George S. Patton, Jr. was quoted as saying ""In my opinion, the M-1 Rifle is the greatest battle implement ever devised.""[1] Whether or not the United States Rifle, Caliber .30, M1, hereafter referred to as the ""M1 Garand"" or ""Garand"", was the best battle implement ever devised is a bit of a stretch. However, the M1 Garand can easily be considered the best rifle to have been in service during World War II. --- Some ground-rules: - For rebuttal, my opponent may compare the M1 Garand to one or multiple rifles in service during World War 2. The rifle(s) may be from any country and in any caliber. - ""Superior"" in this case should be defined by two characteristics: 1. Most effective as a battle implement. 2. Able to be used in the widest variety of combat situations. - Neither myself nor my opponent may vote for ourselves in this debate. --- To initially cover off on the basic specifications of the rifle [2]: Weight: appx. 9.5-10.5 lb Length: 43 in Muzzle Velocity: 2,750-2,800 fps Maximum Effective Range: 500 yd Max. Effective Rate of Fire: 16-24 aimed rounds per minute Cartridges per Clip: 8 Type of Round: .30 caliber Sights: Aperture Sight (M1), Scope/Telescope(M1C, M1D) The benefit of the M1 Garand over its predecessor, the bolt-action Model 1903 Springfield, is that the Garand is a semi-automatic rifle. This semi-automatic operation gave the American infantry a significant advantage in firepower and shot-for-shot recovery time over enemy infantry (German, Italian and Japanese) who were typically still using bolt-action rifles. [3] The rifle's 30.06 round provided the operator with a significant advantage in firepower. In closer combat, the penetration of the powerful round often allowed a soldier to kill up to three enemy combatants with one shot. [4] Not only useful for lining up a shot, the Garand's front sight can also be used as a very accurate range finder, particularly when firing at a man-sized target. Additionally, if the operator knows their ""come-ups"", the rifle can be quickly adjusted for firing accurately at anywhere from 25-500 yd.[5] I look forward to my opponent's initial rebuttal. ------------------- References: [1] Duff, Scott, The M1 Garand, World War II, p. 107. Facsimile of a letter from LTG G.S. Patton, Jr; Cdr, 3rd Army; to MG Levin Campbell, Jr.; Chief of Ordnance, War Department. Written 26 Jan 1945. [2] ""U.S. Department of the Army Technical Manual No. 9-1005-222-12"" [3] Rottman, Gordon L. (2006). U.S. Marine Rifleman 1939-45: Pacific Theater. Osprey Publishing. pp. 27–28. ISBN 1-84176-972-X. [4] George, John (Lt. Col.). (1948). Shots Fired In Anger. The Samworth Press. ISBN 0-935998-42-X. [5] http://becomingriflemen.wordpress.com..."
"Resolved: The united States government allowing mentally ill defentants to have a lesser sentance. I. Inherency Insane Asylums were closed, causing an uncountable number of mentally ill persons to be released onto the streets. These persons were not given proper care needed for there illness and many became jobless. The joblessness of said Ill persons caused homelessness and insufficant funds for treatment. States set up programs for the ill persons to receive funds, yet the funds were insufficant to handle the growing problem and resources became stretched. Those not already diagnosed as Ill had to deal with not only the illness that they already had, but a growing stigma. Some, but not al. Of these ill persons were violent and the levels of violence were varied. Some ill persons were seriously violent, while others weren't violent at all. Plan: Plan plank 1: the united states government will santion a federal policy allowing mentally ill individuals to serve a reduced prison sentence in return for the ill individual serving the remainar of their sentence, as recommended by the pre-sentencing investigation report, in a psychiatric hospital, choose by the judicalial court that the case falls under. Attending phsycian of the committed ill person may not, under any release the ill person until date specified Plan plank 2: this plan will take full effect by the year 2015 Plan Plank 3: this plan will be funded by a luxiory tax Plan Plank 4: physicians violating said law is subject to a suspension of license. If the released ill person commits a crime while illegally released, the attending physician will face charges of negligence, and, if the victim dies, manslaughter. II. Solvence: Ill persons who commit crimes are subjected to the same sentences as healthy individuals. Ill individuals can go into psychotic episodes where they are trapped Inbetween two worlds, theirs and ours. Their perceptions are severely altered. These perceptions can be anything including what is right vs. What is wrong. In the instance of The State of Iowa V. Mark Daryl Becker. Becker suffered from paranoud schizophrenia. He truly believe that his former football coach was raping him and turning children into 'fish and animals and dead people.' Becker knew that killing people was wrong, but he felt he had to kill Ed Thomas in order to save the children. He Perceived that killing Ed Thomas was OK, but he was still found guilty to life without parole. III. Significance Ill persons cause a threat to jail personal. Putting these persons in a residential treatment facility will allow them the opportunity to become better and enter socioty ready to be productive. To date the percentage if I'll prisoners nationthey will, eventually be released. wide is 16% . A number of the individuals are locked up for nonviolent crimes or violent crimes that have small sentences. These persons will be released in time, releasing them has potential to be more costly than enacting the proposed plan."
"Wikipedia enables the presentation of arguments in a neutral context. Responding to concerns that ""Wikipedia will end up like Usenet (newsgroups) — just a bunch of flame wars."" This problem is a bit larger, but it is dealt with fairly handily by the Wikipedia's social mores, known as Wikiquette. Arguments on article pages are moved either to a corresponding talk page (e.g., Talk:Theory of relativity) or to a new article page presenting the arguments within a neutral context (e.g., operating system advocacy)."
"Ron Paul running as a third party candidate will hurt Republicans like Ross Perot did in 92. You didnt address the point about having to work WITHIN the system that we have now in order to effect actual changes rather than having your opinion, and laong with a few thousand others , throwing away a protest vote, and then going back to being ineffective from your narrow minded and self-righteous perspective, the parties are the same This could not be further from the truth But now I change tact It could be argued that there will be more liberals and democrats that would vote for Paul if he runs 3rd party and as far as your points go is everybody EXCEPT Ron Paul corrupt ? Is HE ALONE , like JESUS H CHRIST, the ONLY one who is pure as the wind driven snow? I dont supppose I really understand your fervor for this average man which good but not that unusual ideas? and do you really think Paul will get millions of votes as a 3rd party? This should be a fun year to watch cheers"
"Anarcho-Capitalism does not equal Anarchism. Just to clarify, this debate deals more than with simply the loose definition of Anarchism, but what it means as a philosophy and how I believe that the Capitalist system contradicts with the philosophy of AnarchismI will explain in the second round why I don't think Anarcho-Capitalism qualifies as Anarchism based on my definitions and the definitions of the first Anarchists Con will argue that Anarcho-Capitalism is in fact Anarchism and how it does not contradict with the philosophy of Anarchism"
"Batman is better than Mojo. Yes they will. They will put him down to our level. But look at his powers, i.e., aging humans, and destroying plants. Maybe destroying's not the right word. How about wither? Mantis and Wasp are out of the battle between the Avengers, due to that ability. But now look at the famous ones he can literally crush, Iron Man, Hulk, Black Widow (already gone), Captain America, and Spiderman. Iron Man is gone due to his weapons and leg-guns. Hulk is gone due to his power of natural disasters, etc. Say"
"""Global Warming"" is a lie spread by eco-terrorists. So called ""global warming"" is a lie spread by eco-terrorists. The periodic cooling and heating of the planet is a well-known phenomenon that has existed since the beginning of the our planet. The current crisis has been spread by eco-terrorists like the ELF for the purposes of trying to scare people into giving up as much technology as possible and returning to a more primitive life-style. Carbon does indeed build up in the atmosphere, but as mentioned before this is a natural cycle of the Earth. We are simply living in a period of increased warmth and eco-terrorists are using this to build hysteria."
"Not censoring its search results is a victory for human rights. Not censoring doesn’t advance human rights in China at all Human rights in China are violated on a daily basis. For example, the incidence of people ‘disappearing’ for no apparent reason has been on the rise.[1] These human rights violations won’t suddenly end if Google were to stop censoring its results. What’s more likely to happen, when Google stops censoring results at google.cn, is that Google.cn will get shut down within days – thus, leaving Chinese citizens with no good way at all to access information, since google.com is on the other side of The Great Firewall and Baidu is a Chinese company fully compliant with the government’s wishes. By staying, Google can at least broaden the access to information the Chinese citizens have, something Google itself had acknowledged in 2006 when entering the Chinese mainland.[2] [1] Human Rights Watch, ‘China: Enforced Disappearances a Growing Threat’, November 9, 2011. URL: http://www.hrw.org/news/2011/11/09/china-enforced-disappearances-growing-threat [2] Karen Wickre, ‘Testimony: The Internet in China’, February 15, 2006. URL: http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2006/02/testimony-internet-in-china.html"
"Children should be allowed to watch TV during a school week. Like always, Devil's Advocacy should be fun. :) Good luck to both of us! By school week we'll be assuming monday to friday for the sake of this debate. First off, my opponent makes a point about censorship. While many parents may be cautious about what their children watch on T. V this isn't always the case. Often times you'll see 10 year old watching shows such as ""South Park"" and ""Family Guy"" that are meant for an older audience. These shows address mature themes such as sex and drugs. People are often influenced by what they see in the media. Children are especially vulnerable. If they see something on T. V that seems ""cool"" such as smoking they'll be more inclined to try it. Another concern is body image. This can often be a problem among youth, teenage girls in particular. If they see a super skinny girl on T. V they may be inclined to eat less and eventually turn to anorexia. Children often come to believe T. V is an accurate representation of how society should be. . http://education.stateuniversity.com... Secondly, my opponent argues that time can be set aside for watching T. V. However, a few important factors are left out. One is scheduled show times. What if the shows the child wants to watch are not playing during the times set aside for T. V? Also, what if those shows are longer than the time slot set aside? Wouldn't it be better to not introduce these shows to children at all? They'll become accustomed to watching them and will want to continue as each new episode often ends in cliffhangers. This can be distracting from other things, just wanting to know how the show ends. While my opponent mentions that certain shows can be educational so can books. Some companies, for example, publish educational books that can be fun and interactive for a child(. http://www.kindbook.com...). These books can be often more entertaining than sitting in front of a screen, plus the children won't get getting influenced by corporate advertising and sucked into buying various things they probably don't need that'll help them save money as they get older. . http://www.newdream.org... Lastly, my opponent argues that T. V itself isn't harmful. However, watching too much of it can be. As mentioned earlier, due to cliffhangers and such to suck the audience into a show people can often get addicted to watching certain shows on T. V. This can lead to lack of exercise which in the long term can lead to obesity which 12% of Canadian children aged 2 to 17 suffer from(. http://www.statcan.gc.ca...). It can also lead to further difficulties such as lack of socialization with other children. I look forward to my opponents refutations. Now onto him. .."
"The Earth is expanding. I just read the Ether and the Theory of Relativity, And I have to give ground here. I accept that the aether is not completely fictitious. But what Einstein describes is not a single particle that makes up the entire universe because of how it spins one way or the other. I can't accept your color argument. You said ""This is because the universe only has 3 options to chose from which are left spin, Right spin and no spin states. Thus, The human brain uses these and codes them as red, Blue and green which are the primary colors. "" If every particle in the universe has one color, Determined by their spin, Then why can two things made of different materials be the exact same color? I think we are reaching a point where we disagree on such a fundamental level where we cannot convince the other of our standpoint. You say ""The science world has ignored the existence of the aether. "" and this is where I cannot continue the debate. The ""science world"" as you say, Is right. Why would they ignore something that is so important to the functioning of our universe? There's no motive. It wouldn't make sense for them to ignore something apparently so easy to test for you can use a relatively simple device like the one in the article you cited ""http://etheric. Com/grusenick-experiment-proves-existence-ether/"". If aether was all the things you said it was, The ""science world"" wouldn't ignore it like you claim. I will not resign, Because you haven't even started convinced me, But I don't think I'm going to be able to convince you."
"Article 98 agreements help protect US citizens from ICC. John R. Bolton. ""The United States and the International Criminal Court"". Remarks to the Federalist Society. 14 Nov. 2002 - ""As the ICC comes into being, we will address our concerns about the ICC’s jurisdictional claims using the remedy laid out for us by the Rome Statute itself and the UN Security Council in the case of the peacekeeping force in the former Yugoslavia. Using Article 98 of the Rome Statute as a basis, we are negotiating bilateral, legally-binding agreements with individual States Parties to protect our citizens from being handed over to the Court. Since the European Union’s decision in September to permit its member states to conclude Article 98 agreements with the United States, our negotiators have been engaged in bilateral discussions with several EU countries. In the near future we will also be holding discussions on the issue with several countries in the Middle East and South Asia. Our ultimate goal is to conclude Article 98 agreements with every country in the world, regardless of whether they have signed or ratified the ICC, regardless of whether they intend to in the future. These agreements will allow us the necessary protections in a manner that is legally permissible and consistent with the letter and spirit of the Rome Statute."""
"Dubstep is Music. As my opponent clearly states, music is ""vocal or instrumental sounds combined in a such a way as to produce beauty of form, harmony, and expression of emotion"". My opponent referenced the Skrillex single ""Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites"". Although through the track, a melodic pattern can be heard, it is composed of electronic tone, and can hardly be considered instrumental. The word ""instrumental"", as defined by Webster's Dictionary, means: ""serving as an instrument or means in pursuing an aim or policy"". These electronic tones are produced on a computer, much like the one I am using to type this entry, and you are using to read this. To be very clear, the definition of a musical instrument is simply ""an object or device for producing musical sounds."" Now, while looking on a scientific level, anything object you are using to complete an action, or ease the process of an action is defined as an ""instrument"". However, on a musical standpoint, an ""instrument"" is an object who's specific purpose is music making. The computer, according to SEED (Schlumberger Excellence in Education Development), was created to ""compute"" complex mathematical equations accurately. So, by the intended purposes of the computer, it is a mathematical instrument. Now, the computer has expanded its purpose past simply mathematical calculations, but its intended purpose did, and does not include the creation of musical sounds, or preforming the function of a musical instrument. Therefore, by definition, the Computer is not, in fact, an instrument, and therefore any sounds produced from a computer in any arrangement or tonality cannot be described as music, by definition. The tones produced by a computer may, however, be defined as a beat. Since the electronic tones of a computer have not been produced by a melodic instrument, it cannot be described as ""music"", such as if you were to listen to a percussionist preform a lengthy drum solo. This is not music, it is a beat. In summary, if the Computer is not a musical instrument, then Dubstep is not music. It is a beat. I await my opponent's response."
"Old testament truth, New testament made up for love of money and power. To: W0LV3NBANE thanks for your comment I would like to say that I think you understand of what I am trying to say, I am merely trying to show that the Old Testament is proof of the truth, As what is written is happened and is happening. You see I do believe that Jesus is really although his name should be Immanuel, Not sure of how they came to the name of Jesus. With great persistence, I got to understanding of my wisdom, I am not trying at all to argue all I am trying to see is why is it not that we should all believe the same. I am aware that we will all see things in a difference point of view. I would like to ask questions and would like your honest opinion, You see someone has commented on properly how I was raised as a catholic, And didn't know any better, We lived to a system. This is not about the Catholics or any other religion, So if you are prepared to debate, Yes would like to start off with Daniel firstly, As when I understood Daniel, I re-read the Bible and it's now starts making sense."
"Jerusalem should become an independant city state. While your solution sounds viable in theory, it is just impractical. First of all, it wouldn't change the fact that Jerusalem is split in two. Who would lead this new nation? If a Jew was elected, the Palestinians living there would be angry. If a Palestinian was elected, the Jews would be angry. The split in the city is so major that making the city independent wouldn't solve much. Not to mention the fact that Israel is already at a disadvantage n the Middle East (Source: https://i2.wp.com... https://i1.wp.com...) Taking away Jerusalem would only make the weak nation even weaker and increase the chance of another invasion. You've also forgotten that city states just aren't viable long term. Studies have shown that after 200 years, city states tend to suffer economic stagnation due to the development of oligarchies (Source: https://press.princeton.edu... https://ideas.repec.org... ) This is of course ignoring the fact that ethnic conflict tends to have an impact on the economy, a very negative impact. There's a reason why places like Somalia and South Sudan aren't economic superpowers. This also wouldn't change the fact that both sides still claim the entire land, and releasing Jerusalem wouldn't really solve the entire problem. If anything it would only hurt negotiations because there'd ow be a THIRD sovereign nation in the area. And finally, the Jews were there first. I'd go on, but I want to give you a chance to have a say."
"Democrats are intentionally hurting people during the shutdown to blame Republicans. Yes Pro, they are going to fight against a piece of legislation that they are most definitely against. Though this has nothing to do with the resolution in which you claim that they are intentionally hurting people during the shutdown to blame republicans. To me it would seem that because of their resistance to the bill and refusal to pass it they should be the ones at fault. To close I will leave you with this: This shutdown is just the result of complete disagreement on both sides. Although people are being hurt because of the shutdown it is the fault of both parties and by no means intentional. I hope the voters will see the that pro is one side of the spectrum attempting to pin a negative view on the other side."
"Ending the conflict with the Kurds – inclusive government. Democracies are only truly democratic when they accept that their minorities have rights and deserve a place in the political system even if those minorities themselves want a separate state. Only then does the country truly represent and work for everyone within the state. It has only been during Erdoğan’s time as Prime Minister that this has happened in Turkey. Turkey has spent its history since its founding ninety years ago discriminating against the Kurds by denying they are a separate ethnicity. Now however there is a cease fire in place and serious consideration for major constitutional changes that would recognize the Kurds.[1] Already there have been significant changes like allowing the use of Kurdish in public life and the launch of a Kurdish language TV station and courses in universities.[2] [1] Hannah, John, ‘Erdogan's Great Gamble’, Foreign Policy, 14 May 2013, http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2013/05/14/erdogan_turkey_kurds_peace_process_pkk [2] Zalewski, Pitr, ‘The Kurds’ Last Battle in Turkey: Teaching Kids Kurdish’, The Atlantic, 9 May 2013, http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/05/the-kurds-last-battle-in-turkey-teaching-kids-kurdish/275719/"
"Definitions. Before moving on to our reasons for negation, we would like to emphasize that we are not against the concept of global multiculturalism- a practice that embraces the different cultures that exist on a world scale. However, what we are against is multiculturalism on a national level. What we see with national multiculturalism is people moving out of the haven in which their cultures are safely preserved- the plan that the proposition is promoting in this round. We would like to also emphasize the fact that current multiculturalism is failing in some countries such as UK, Australia, France, and Germany. We will prove to you that the most ideal way of viewing multiculturalism- having a multitude of different preserved cultures living peacefully together- is impossible to achieve in real life further on in our first contention. In our second contention, we will talk about how we should focus on integration rather than multiculturalism that which leads to assmiliation, and we will explain why assimilation is bad. Lastly, we will explain why multiculturalism will eventually result in a loss of diversity as it represses cultures than expressing cultures."
"Truths exists irrespective of the observer.. As the post was started I understand Truth as an absolute concept. 1. God Exists or Do not 2. The universe was created or it came into being by itself 3. There is life after death or do not. To debate, there will be a large number of statements like this. According to the law of contradiction two contrary statements pertaining to a concept can't be both true at the same time. Either one is true or both false. Taking one of the above statements; God Exists or Do not exist. Bot can't be true. An attempt to prove the existence and non existence simultaneously will be a definitely a tautology. A Physicist believe in the existence of God referring to the order of universe and the other believe in the non-existence referring to chaos in universe have a relative understanding of the something absolute. Regardless of the relative perception here, only one of the beliefs can be true as their perception and conclusions contradicts. Taking an example from daily life - ""Mr. X was present in the office Yesterday"" and ""Mr. X was absent in the office Yesterday""; can't be true at the same time."
"The world would be better off if Germany had won WW1. For your first and last argument, I don't think they would have been respective of their own neighbors, as nationalism + imperialism + the military-industrial complex would've probably driven them to invade their neighboring countries. You're not really giving a reason why Hitler wouldn't have shown in Germany's political arena anyways. Although it is true that it gave him his big chance, it does not mean that the window of oppurtunity was THE reason he got elected. The Cold War probably WOULD have happened, and it would've been a lot worse, because the Allied Powers of WW1 and the Central Powers of WW2 would've been in the Cold War also. It would've been basically half the world powers against the other half, with plenty more people, instead of just US vs Russia. ""Age of Terror"". Let me tell you about terror. Terror is an emotion. It isn't an enemy. Terrorism has been around since the beginning of mankind, it isn't a ""recent problem"" that arose today. Today it's suicide bombers, back then it was assassins and ninjas. Just because the Central Powers wins WW1 doesn't mean we wouldn't have the ""Age of Terror"" today. All in all, you aren't getting very many impacts."
"Zionist-Jewish Networks Should Be Considered as Some of the Most Probable Perpetrators of 9/11. Investigations into the collapse of the World Trade Center, the beneficiaries of 9/11, and other issues surrounding this event have demonstrated, clearly, the overwhelming flaws contained within the ""official narrative"". A much more plausible theory is that Zionist and Zionist-Jewish networks, who were directly involved in the companies and institutions surrounding nearly every major aspect of 9/11, were probably involved in the attacks in order to bring US troops into war against Israel's enemies in the Middle East. Some very significant elements of this theory are addressed in the following list: http://instablogg.com... My opponent must demonstrate that it is, at least, highly unlikely for Israel and subordinate Zionist networks to have had any major role in the attacks. Rules: - Standard debate conventions apply."
"It should be legal for NON-religious homosexuals to marry another person of the same gender. Before I start this debate, I would like to ask everyone who will eventually vote in this debate to please vote based upon the debate itself, and not upon the debaters or your own opinions. Thank you. I have put out this debate to challenge anyone who wants to debate me. However, I would not like to debate anyone who shares my same views. I would like to find out why there are people who want to discriminate based upon sexual orientation. Now to my actual argument: According to the Human Rights Commision, there are approximatley 10 million homosexual people living in the United States today. They have all the freedoms that hetrosexuals have, except for one: the right to marry whom they wish. Gay people in many areas of the USA do not have the right to marry another gay person. They do, however, have the right to have a civil union. Most would say, 'Civil Unions are the same thing as marriage!' You are wrong. Civil unions often only give the gay couple some of the rights of male and female marriages. They often limit the things that the couple can do. Civil Unions are not the same as marriages. The crux of my argument is simple and can be composed in a few questions: Why is it that just because a gay person is gay, they cannot marry who they want? Since when did the government have to right to limit our liberties and freedoms that do not matter in homeland security? Why do we discriminate based upon sexual orientation, even though we don't discriminate based upon race or gender. Thank you"
"Bilingual Signs. My arguments in support of the subject (The government should be required to publish all material in both English and Spanish) are as follows == REASON #1 - A LARGE NUMBER OF SPANISHSPEAKING AMERICAN CITIZENS == Due to a combination of the United States' proximity to Mexico, and much of the United States' current territory (from Texas west to California, north to Oregon) was originally part of the New Spain colonies, colonized, developed and inhabited by native Spanish speakers before being taken over through conquest (or in the case of Gadsen, purchased). A large number -- in the millions nationwide -- of the United States' population speaks Spanish as a first tongue, and a significant portion of those are not fluent in English as a second language. One of the most vital and important amendments in the Bill of Rights is the freedom of speech, guaranteed in the very first amendment to the Constitution. While even this has limitations (shouting Fire in a crowded theater was an example), there is no reason to consider language among those restrictions, and a person's preference for a recognized and legitimate language (such as Spanish) should be respected, especially for a nation ""of immigrants. "" I argue that English-supremacist monolingualists are fighting with at least a twinge of racism, believing that Spanish speaking citizens (native born or legal immigrants) are not as intelligent or deserving of access to government as the current (dwindling) English-speaking majority. In some entire states, notably the mega-populated California, the ""white majority"" is expected to, based on statistical trends, end in just a few decades; hispanic people will then have a racial majority over whites after that. If in the future, Spanish speakers outnumber English speakers, should people like pcmbrown be required to learn Spanish to access government or suffer as an unequal?"
"Gay marriage should be legal. I want to get a few things across before I begin. 1. The church is a private organization and the U.S government is not at all affiliated with their views or their actions. 2. Because they are private, the government has no right to encroach on their decisions. C1: The church has the right to discriminate if it so chooses, even if you disagree You can talk about the rights that our founding fathers wanted for us, but if the church refuses to marry people, which is 100% within their rights to deny people by the way, nobody can stop them. You talked about how this is not an argument over if the government should recognize marriage or not, and you would be right, except if the don't want people to discriminate, then they should run it themselves. The church is separate from the government as dictated by the founding fathers and thus can make the decisions on who they allow to get married. The state can create new churches that work differently, but the key fact is that you can not force the church to do something it does not want to. C2: The bible directly says in the Leviticus section, that being gay is in fact a sin, just as combing your hair and eating shellfish is. You can call the church hypocrites if you would like, but their book directly says that gay people are sinners. Why gay people even go to a place that calls them evil and says they will be tossed in a volcano for all eternity is beyond me, but the fact is, the book they base their operations on says that gay people are not welcome. As a private affiliation they have the right to say whatever they want and be hypocrites. They are not forced to be morally comprehensive, even if they should be. It does not matter if you disagree with them or not, you can not force them to do something that they are against. If it bothers you so much, write to your politician and try to overturn marriage as a whole because that is the only real way to get that across."
"Absolutism. Whether absolute Monarchy was limited Monarchy in theory is already answered. The answer to that is, of course, no. Absolute Monarchy implies that there were no restrictions, laws etc., apart from those that the Monarch made up, but the Monarch themselves never had to abide by them. That is absolute Monarchy. Limited Monarchy suggests that the Monarchy has restrictions and rules upon it either created by itself its government. These are two very different things. However, what this question is actually asking is ""Is there a difference in practice? (or was there a difference?)"" The answer to this is yes. An absolute Monarchy would never attempt what was impossible to do/get away with. It would only act within its realistic predictions/options. However, this does not mean to say that Monarchs have never done terrible things. Monarchs could get away with pretty much whatever they wanted, on a small scale. They couldn't necessarily invade whoever they wished and, yes, they certainly had councillors, assistants, experts et al. helping them. But again, this in no way implies that Monarchs acted in a mostly limited fashion. The important point, anyway, is the question of whether there is a difference in theory and, as we have seen, yes - there is."
"True debaters never lie, or qoute liars, as a source of truth. True debaters are those who debate. False debater would be a person who claims he debates but doesn't. I already talked about this, in my debate http://www.debate.org... This debate is a source of truth because I pushed the boundaries of traditional debating by talking about debates themselves and by examining the criteria to evaluate debates, exposing them to amusing (yet meaningful) comments. Pushing the boundaries (in that case) meant in some sense, escaping debates, thus being able to acquire truth. ""True debaters"" do lie, or quote liars, maybe not consciously, but they do, i also explain that in my other debate http://www.debate.org..."
"Werewolves vs. Vampires. The full resolution is, ""Werewolves would beat vampires in a world war. ” Burden of Proof: It is my duty to affirm the full resolution and prove that werewolves would beat vampires in a war concerning the whole world. My opponent must prove that vampires would beat werewolves in a world war. Definitions: Vampire: a preternatural being, commonly believed to be a reanimated corpse, that is said to suck the blood of sleeping persons at night [1]. Werewolf: (in folklore and superstition) a human being who has changed into a wolf, or is capable of assuming the form of a wolf, while retaining human intelligence [2]. Rules: 1. There will be no abuse of word play, loopholes, or any other form of semantics. 2. I realize that there are a plethora of sites and sources that state vampires and werewolves have different powers. Therefore (for the sake of the debate), I will state the powers vampires and werewolves can have. Vampires- Super speed: the ability to travel at extremely fast speeds. Telepathy: the ability to move objects with the mind. Bat transformation: the ability to transform into a bat while retaining rational thought. Mist transformation: the ability to transform into mist. Vampire fangs: the ability to bite and suck the blood out of any living thing. Immortality: the ability to overcome age and live forever. Create other vampires: the ability to bite humans and turn them into vampires. Super healing: the ability to heal oneself extremely fast (i. e. a cut can be healed within seconds). Super senses: the ability to hear, see, feel, taste, and smell on extreme scales. Scale walls: the ability to climb walls like Spiderman. Werewolves- Wolf transformation: the ability to transform into a wolf while retaining rational thought. Super strength: wolf strength + human strength= werewolf strength. Create other werewolves: the ability to bite humans and turn them into werewolves. Virtual immortality: the ability to overcome age and live for an extremely long amount of time (i. e. several millenia). Super senses: the ability to hear, see, feel, taste, and smell on extreme scales. With that said, I hand over the next round to my opponent. [1] . http://dictionary.reference.com... [2] . http://dictionary.reference.com..."
"Fast Food Franchises Makes Teens Fit a Larger Size, Or The Diet Industry Makes Peaople Skinny. I am not sure why my opponent bailed on me. Obesity is a problem in this country but again I feel it is up to the individual to choose what they eat. As far as children under 10 go, parents are the ones that need to be responsible to ensure their kids are eating the right foods in life. This is one of the many responsibilities of the parent or guardian of a child."
"Animals Should Be Used For Scientific Research. While I admit the analogy of the girl was far fetched, it was an example. DEFENSE 1- According to the website [http://www.vivisectioninformation.com...] you got the ""the whole world uses up to three every second"" example, I don't think you got the concept. Just because they use a certain amount per year, 100 million. That doesn't mean they kill one every 3 seconds just for the hell of it, it could mean that in a test they use five or six at a time...just to clear that up. DEFENSE 2- Then we shall try and test on them in the least painful way possible. However, since thats often impossible, it might be necessary to sacrifice some non-sential life for the good of sentient ones. Furthermore, I feel you are trying to evoke emotions in me, but I am just as passionate about this as you are about that. DEFENSE 3- Humans are not JUST animals. I am not saying we AREN'T animals but we are also more than that, we have the most complex brains in the animal kingdom and more importantly- WE are human, and we should do everything in our power to advance our kind. Argument 1- Around 95% of all animals that are being tested are specially bred rats and mice, .25% our Non-Human Primates. The rest our made up of other small primates. The reason rodents are so popular is because of there short life spans which allow for speedier disease development in the rodents. Shortening a life that is only 2-3 years in it of it self is completely minuscule compared to the amount of years of human lives they can be saving. The following disease have had medicines made from animal research. Breast Cancer Childhood Leukemia Lung Cancer (Prolonged life of people with) AIDs and HIV Heart Disease Diabete And many more! The rodents save lives. 1[http://www.mofed.org...] 2[http://www.amprogress.org...]"
"Free Education. Actually let me clarify the misinterpretation. I am talking about a non capitalistic economy. More specifically I am talking about Parecon; which stands for Participatory Economics which is a vision for an alternative way to operate an economy. Please look up Micheal Albert and Robin Hahnel in the 1980's to early 1990's if you are curious to Parecon. As far as which grades would be effected. I am talking about all education. From Pre-k to PhD. Now to get to your point of biased education. Yes, all education has been biased. Yes, we have the technology and will to change this biased system of education to a non biased view of education. Does this mean every ounce of education will be unbiased. One day I would hypothesize it would be. Now to get to your main point. The reason of current capitalism. To me, it was set up because the barter system was and did need to be changed. However, humanity needs to think over capitalism. It sparks too much ill content. And even biased working atmosphere. It is severally outdated and not even popular among scientist, teachers, military and others. *(After all the teacher who taught you how to write **should** be worth more than the person who plays football just to ""entertain"" you for a few hours.)* With this type of Economics in mind. Do you think you can breach that type of education?"
"Single-sex schools should be more common. Let me now present my opening argument. Schooling or schools deals with the concept of education. Education can be defined according to Merriam Webster as either (a) the action or process of teaching someone especially in a school, college, or university. (b) the knowledge, skill, and understanding that you get from attending a school, college, or university. (1)One of the most important skills a person can acquire is social interaction skills. (2) These skills result in behavior that is beneficial not only for the individual but the group/society as a whole. Learning/acquiring this skill requires interaction with both both males and females, as such single sex schools are not beneficial to the learning of social interaction skills as in effect you are isolating the students from another sex. The one benefit flouted by same sex school proponents is that it leads to improved grades for the students. However, this benefit does not hold up to scrutiny as has been seen in a report in Science magazine which showed the benefits of same-sex schooling are overblown and in fact do not lead to higher grades. (3) This argument above encompass all the major arguments made for same-sex schooling. (4) For these reasons, I believe that same-sex schooling is a detriment to students and should not be more common. I hand the debate over to my opponent for rebuttals. (1) . http://www.merriam-webster.com......(2) . http://psychology.wikia.com...... (3) . https://www.sciencemag.org...(4) . http://www.greatschools.org..."
sexting with teens. Sexting among teens has one stated problem by my opponent: potential loss of job opportunity in the future. I contend only if the recipient of such text violates social norms of privacy does that sext become visible to an employer. Meanwhile sexting is a form of expression among all people not just teenagers. You also make an assumption that the recipient of the sext will not care about that person in the long run. While a possibility that is not an argument against sexting since someone caring or not caring about the sexter in the long run has no impact on the value of sexting. As for the 'teenagers are not thinking before doing this' I contend they are. They are thinking about expressing themselves as human beings. How is sexting causing problems on a global scale?
"This ban would lower healthcare costs. The health problems that smokers experience cost taxpayers (where healthcare is provided by the government) or the individual (for private healthcare) a lot of money. Decreasing the number of smokers – as a result of a reduction in both “social smokers” (those who smoke when out with friends) and “passive smokers” (those who do not smoke themselves but are exposed to the second-hand smoke of others) – will lead to a decrease in these healthcare costs. This has been reported – for example – in Arizona, where a study found that hospital admissions due to diagnoses for which there is evidence for a cause by smoking have decreased since the statewide smoking ban, and that costs have thus decreased[1]. [1] Herman, Patricia M., and Walsh, Michele E. “Hospital Admissions for Acute Myocardial Infarction, Angina, Stroke, and Asthma After Implementation of Arizona’s Comprehensive Statewide Smoking Ban. American Journal of Public Health. 101(3). March 2011."
"Naive realism (or externalism) is probably false. I have accepted this debate.I will be making the agrument that due to Constructive perception we due perceive objects as they really are, that they are are composed of matter, occupy space and have properties, such as size, shape, texture, smell, taste and colour, that are usually perceived correctly by anyone with Cs in high school. Objects obey the laws of physics and retain all their properties whether or not there is anyone to observe them, but that under the laws of physics that act of observing them does change there properties in a predictable way.Constructive perception- intelligent perception; is the theory of perception in which the perceiver uses sensory information and other sources of information to construct a cognitive understanding of a stimulus.http://en.wikipedia.org..."
"TROLL DEBATE: Frozen is a Bad Movie. Let it Go is a reference to Let it Be....my opponent claims.Unfortunately Let it Be only strengthens my arguments. You can see the Beatles obviously don't care about the movie, only their money, so they just sing ""Let it Be...."" because the movie is so terrible even they can't fix it. Hans' name means ""the weak""....exactly. The point I'm making here is that Hans is a terrible, weak villain who auto-loses to even ""a scrub like Elsa"".Mulan's name is very deceptive. In reality she has a secret underground society and she trains Spartans in her spare time. s://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com...; alt="""" width=""279"" height=""398"" /> See? She looks like a goddess even compared to those spartans. We can see here she is obviously using her name as a ploy to distract Chinese people who know her name means ""the weak"".My opponent claims that singing in the ice-age can make you become a bad awesome dude. You may become bad awesome dude for like 3 seconds, but then you're ruined by....' s://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com...; alt="""" width=""637"" height=""398"" />""Uh oh, we're dead.""Everyone loves cliches in animes, my opponent claims. But think about it. The parents in Frozen died to WATER. Seriously, WATER. Who dies to water? Anyone BUT anime dies in water. As Frozen's parents don't die an anime death, it ain't a cliche and ain't good. My opponent contradicts himself by saying Hans was a strong burly, man. He admitted he was weak a few arguments ago. Decide which argument to dump, my good sir, decide decide. As for Anna being a pyromaner and lighting all those wolves, you are right. But just because she belongs in Mortal Combat does not mean the movie is good. It just mean the movie is very unoriginal and violated copyright by bringing in a character from Mortal Combat and putting her in Frozen. My opponent also says that with the addition of a ""T"", Elsa becomes Telsa--which, rearranged is Tesla, who was awesome. But a ""T"" brings about the crucial difference. Elsa is only ALMOST Tesla the lightning master. Tesla is the lightning master. As Mark Twain can differentiate them, let him speak for me: See? Tesla is the lightning, Elsa is the Lightning Bug. Lightning bugs are dumb and totally not awesome next to lightning. As Elsa is the small, irrelevant lightning bug, the movie is bad. Olaf is cool. No brah, Olaf's cold. Cold and boring and cruel. There's a big difference. s://thedcontinuum.files.wordpress.com...; alt="""" width=""832"" height=""318"" /> See? He's totally not the cool character you mentioned. Frozen must be a bad movie with such a horrendous character. And finally, Anna surviving the snow monster.... The snow monster was meh. It really wasn't tough at all. See second youtube video for reference. :D I believed I have shown sufficient proof of Frozen's poor quality. Back to you, funny."
"federal tuition assistance should be restricted much more. engineering is a subject that can be taught in a regular degree, as could nursing and some other fields. we dont need people from the bottom of their class in these fields. some people might not do good in high school and are late bloomers, but we can have ACT or SAT to compensate. not everyone is good at tests, but this is just life, as a far out general rule, those tests test what is needed. the degree is dilluted because so many people attend. if we stopped people from attending, nothing would change much except whether they have a dilluted degree. again we are curtailing federal spending and doing right by kids if we have trade schools for most people. if college is as cracked up as you say it is, students again should be able to pay back their loans. this takes the responsiblity off other people to pay for your own needs and is thus fairer. the only ones who would be in poverty with loans are people at the bottom of their class if we did things as you argue for."
"Capitalism is more moral than socialism. Resolved: Capitalism is more moral than socialism Definitions: Capitalism: is a free market economic system based on private ownership and entrepreneurship. The investment of capital, and production, distribution, income, and prices are determined not by government (as in socialism) but through the operation of a competitive market where decisions are voluntary and private rather than regulated and mandated by government (see law of supply and demand). Socialism: advocates state ownership or direct control of the major means of production and distribution of goods and services. Format: Round 1: Acceptance Only Round 2: State proposition only (no rebuttal) Round 3: Rebuttals Round 4: Defense - Address the opponent's rebuttal Round 5: Closing statements If you haven't given this topic much thought, please do not waste time in accepting the challenge. I genuinely want a great debate here."
"Adobe Photoshop Battle. 1.Photos uploaded to a photo album for all to see2. Round one is acceptance. You also issue a challenge. 3. I post the picture addressing your challenge at the start of round two. 4. You post your picture in round one.Your challenge, which you post in round one.Do a similar style picture as me, a first person view of falling to the ground from a high place."
Aliens are not saved and must be saved. Aliens will never get saved Aliens will not get saved My topic is based on the fact that when Adam sinned God cursed the whole universe and if Aliens do exist on the far reaches of the universe they are also suffering from this curse. But since Christ only came to Earth the Aliens are not redeemed yet. Poor people! I feel sorry for them but that is the truth. Since Christ is the only way to paradise so there is no way an Alien can get saved because he does not believe in Christ? So we need to build sophisticated aircrafts that can travel the far reaches of this universe and other universes to save the Aliens. Once they know about Christ then only they will be saved. Here we go.
"The east is west and the west is east. What's a direction? The Pro's entire argument is dependant on what exactly East and West is. I used the 2nd round for clarification, now I need to refute the entire premise. Argument:The resolution states ""The east is west and the west is east"". What does this mean? Treating these like Left and Right (which it isn't), Left is Right, Right is left. What? If a store is to my right, that's not my left. To say Right = Left, therefore the store is left, so Right is indeed Left, that's circular reasoning. You're assuming Right = Left to be true while tryont to prove that to be true. Just because I can go ALL the way around Earth to get to a location, that doesn't mean I'm going West. I'm going East, and that's the direction I'm going. My opponent's argument makes no sense, and isn't convincing. It's common sense that one way is that way, not the other."
"The marketplace of ideas. It is wrong that obnoxious and hateful views should be given an airing and individuals left to their own devices to decide if those views are right or wrong. Accepting that these views can be voiced on campus and opponents of these views can make their own case implies that these views have equal standing; which is not the case, while there may be freedom of speech there is not freedom to hurt one and other. It is wrong to suggest that hateful ideas will spread faster if banned as if they are not banned those who are preaching such ideas have greater access to others so have more opportunity to persuade"
"Rap Battle. I'm sorry to say your about to go to hell for a has beens sins The stuff that I say is brutal it will leave you anorexic thin I'll dissect you mentally and physically then adorn your skin You remind me of truth, your just the less autistic twin This battle is complex so let me put it in the right context Im on a conquest to make this battle a no contest Battling you is nothing, I won't even gain progress So when I break you down it just teaches you the right process I'm going to take a lesson from truth and reconsider this and testify If Christ died for my sins, Ill make you copy his path so you can identify This battle is about to intensify so you can begin your path and then start to die Your more awkward than Jim when he got caught with his dik in that american pie Your body is distorted and needs a proper dose of proportion If you beat me you get to earn some rep and then get to make a fortune Just for trying to battle me, I will hold you hostage and use you for extortion I'll put your body inside a body when I kill you, that's an abortion"
"TROLL DEBATE: Ray Comfort's banana argument is invalid. 1. EVIL USES FOR BANANASBananas can be used for the following evil purposes....AS HANDGUNS AS CLIPS FOR YOUR AK-47 AS THROWING WEAPONS Under ""Boomerang,"" it says ""flip a coin. If heads the defending pokemon is now confused."" AND THE CLASSIC ONE WE ALL KNOW... MAKING PEOPLE TRIP 3/4 of these uses can result in the loss of a human life, and is thus killing. But the 2nd commandment says not to kill. Why would God do that? 2. THEY SPOIL TOO SOONyou can make a banana last 2-3 months by putting it in the freezer, but you barely have any room in the freezer because everything else you need to put in the freezer. However, they only last 2-7 days on the counter and 2-9 in the fridge. [1] Back in Biblical times, they had no way to freeze their food, so knowing they would try to store it, God made them to rot so soon on purpose so he could laugh at them when they saw their reactions when they saw their food had spoiled.These are all very important facts that Comfort left out. So according to him, God ""intelligently designed"" a food that rots too fast, can be used for various evil purposes doesn't store much in the fridge, and was made to f*ck with his own people. Or was that Satan that did that? Was it not God, but the devil that made it just to mess with theists just to mess with them? Was he thinking that by doing that, Atheists could use that as an argument and it would make them go ""WHAT THE.. NO. GOD WOULDN'T DO THAT"""
"Promiscuity is ethical. First-timer here, I'm trying out of curiosity. I would like to debate against the idea that promiscuity is unethical. While the Oxford Dictionary's definition of ""Promiscuity"" includes ""immorality,"" I would like to take the following, more neutral definition: ""the act of engaging in consensual sexual activity with different people during a given period."" Let us arbitrarily agree that the given period range up to one month. My opponent will have to present arguments supporting that promiscuity is intrinsically unethical. Hoping for a good debate!"
"God is not almighty or does not exist. I believe that God allows bad things to happen.Why? Because it helps us,here is a example ...When a doctor operates on you,it may cause temporary pain.But it will help you in the future.Your body will be stronger,instead of weak like it was before the operation. When God allows bad things in your life he is operating on your life,he is trying to make you a stronger person.And after the bad things you will come out stronger and wiser. If you are also saying that God is wrong for allowing death,then I would say you are wrong.God created us and has the right to end us.But he is only ending your physical body and not your soul. You will have a spiritual body after you die.And if you are a believer and saved you will be with God.."
"Apple's computers/laptops are better than dell's computer/laptops. Just trying throwing a macbook air in the air and then throwing a dell in the air. No covers and no one catches it. Dell has more chance of surviving than mac. Plus, dell prices are more logical and sensible than mac's. Plus, some Macbook don't have cd drive. Mac costs nearly double than dell, but its quality is not doubled. There is the operating system issues as well. Mac can't run the windows apps like visual basic. In my school the ones who had mac had to use a different app in ICT."
"Genetically modified soldiers should be developed and deployed. Firstly, Con argues I have a disregard for human life. However, soldiers that are sent into war are emotionally connected to other humans. When a soldier dies, his friends and family suffer. When a soldier that is bred for war dies, there is no emotional connection. Only the battalion loses out statistically. Before WW1, commanders saw it fit that soldiers stand up to the enemy and fire. Not taking cover, standing in the open, truly risking their lives. Trench warfare came around it WW1 and war changed. We are currently living in somewhat out dated tactics. Soldiers have little cover against air strikes and helicopter attacks. An all out war would simply ensure more and more of our brothers,sister, etc. die. If we developed a super soldier, we are saving human lives by not risking them. Con also argues that 'nuclear weapons are also an expensive endeavour, and yet we live in constant fear of the detonation of a dirty bomb or smuggled technology'. But this isn't an object. Were talking about chemicals and other materials which require huge amount of knowledge and practice to use correctly. Were talking about hardware that would use a lot of electricity and space. One of the reasons terrorists got there hands on vast amounts of nuclear material was because of Chernobyl, where a lot of nuclear material was available. There could be no equivalent to Chernobyl because this technology has only one applicable use of creating a soldier, not producing electricity, bombs and x-rays, to name a few. My opponent argues 'if our enemies can not afford full scale creation they will try the type of individual modification'. Firstly, explain to me how a fully grown human could become a super soldier made from a few modified cells? Secondly, they would only be able to do a handful at a time, thus making it minimally applicable Lastly, my opponent states 'It is deadly cycle here where we will create beings further divorced from their humanity in order to compete and one up our rivals. ' However, this as a contradiction. He says 'they are still human beings being created and developed '. Thus, the more we separate a super soldier from humanity, this can only be a benefit to those who worry about the fact they are human."
"The Master and Margarita is the Best Russian Novel of the 20th Century. Anyone actually interested may say so in the comments. By 'the Master and Margarita', I am referring to the fictional novel written by Mikhail Bulgakov between 1928-1940, and eventually published in 1966. In addition things that will judged and apply to the term 'best' will be the and the overall storyline [.IE how it starts, what happens, how it develops and how it concludes] and theme. As well as the characters involved and the historical context that it was written. Moreover, the success of the book and how its endured will most certainly apply. Con will have to argue that it is not the best Russian Novel of the 20th Century and/or argue for another [Russian] novel in that period that they consider better--which is preferable. **Debate Structure** -Round one acceptance and any opening statements. -Round two arguments. -Round three defence on arguments and rebuttals. -Round four further rebuttals to each case and closing arguments. **Rules** -No semantics. -Con *must* accept the debate as it is and there must be no attempt to change/alter the resolution. For example Con cannot argue things along the lines of 'it's too subjective' to conclude what is the *best* Russian novel of the 20th century, if they do attempt to do this, I WIN. Con's task is to refer to the literature only and provide a case revolving exclusively around that. There will be a ten day voting period with a select a winner system."
"The Shroud of Turin Could be Authentic. This debate is for Round 1 of the 2016 Spring DebateAs the Shroud of Turin is (possibly) an ancient historical artifact, absolute proof is impossible thus there will be shared burden of proof. Pro will argue that the Shroud dates back to the time of Christ and thus could be authentic. Con will argue that it is a forgery and thus could not be authentic.5 rounds, 72 hr argument time, 10k characters. Rules10k Charaters per round, 3 rounds, 72 hrs per round, Decide Winner, voting open to all."
"As Long as Explicit Songs Exist, So Will Bullying. All my opponent is doing is trying to rephrase the resolution because he didn't read it properly. He is still under the illusion that I'm arguing that explicit songs are the direct cause of bullying.My resolution is, ""As long as explicit songs exist, so will bullying.""This literally means that bullying will exist as long as or longer than explicit songs, but my opponent wishes to argue the ""implications"" or ""subtext"" of the resolution, which I was never arguing.I'll repeat it one more time: I am not arguing that explicit songs are the only direct cause of bullying, and I never was.Contention OneI understand that children can be bullied on other basis, but I'm not refering to any of those. As long as children listen to Kidz Bop, they can be bullied for it. Kidz Bop will exist as long explicit songs do, Therefore as long as explicit songs exist, kids will be bullied.""So this shows that explicit songs are not the only cause of bullying, and if it were to stop, bullying would still happen.""And thus Con proves my point. Not only will bullying exist as long as explicit songs exist, it will exist for even longer.Con Concedes Contention Two I'm not going to continue this debate if Con doesn't start arguing the resolution I presented."
"The Bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki Was Fully Justified. I am entirely against the above resolution.Rules The first round is for acceptance, second for main arguments, third for rebuttals and fourth for conclusive statements. The burden of proof is on my opponent as they must explain why it was justified. Ad hominem attacks are prohibited. So is profanity (for sake of the website). Footnotes, endnotes, annotated bibliography, etc is required. DefinitionsNuke- the action of striking a region using nuclear capable weapons.Justified- having, done for, or marked by a good or legitimate reason. Unconditional Surrender- a surrender in which no guarantees are given to the surrendering party. Empire- an extensive group of states or countries under a single supreme authority, formerly especially an emperor or empress. In case you are wondering how to get bold, italicized or more text, click the 'Rich Text' button. Source Reccomendation I would reccomend using the website https://nuclearsecrecy.com... provides a way to visualize the effects of a nuclear bomb."
"China would have been better off under the Guomindang. Thanks to Pro for challenging me to this debate. Given that this is the first round, I’ll start off with a signel short arguments, and proceed with larger arguments along with rebuttals in the next round. Arg 1: China was still unstable before the communists Shortly after the overthrow of the Qing Dynasty, power shifted to a provisional government. Power switched hands between the Guomingdang and later Yuan Shikai, whom took the term for “President for Life” and later banned the Guomingdang. After Shikai’s short-lived term China disintegrated into warlordism [2]. By 1925, China had balkanized toan extent not seen since the Warring states period. As seen below: s://upload.wikimedia.org...; alt="""" width=""600"" height=""460"" /> [3] By 1945 when the Japanese surrendered, China was devastated by civil war, warlordism, and a series of famines which killed up to 3.5 million people in Northern China alone. This barely accounts for the devastation the coastal regions of China faced during WW2. In short, the country was in shambles after WW2. [4] As mentioned previously, the Guomingdang was barely capable of maintaing power before WW2 and they had already lost power before the Communist Party even rose to power in the first place. Hence, after WW2, when China was in an even worst state than they were before the Japanese , the Guomingdang would not have been able to effectively consolidate power. When China was in compairovly better conidition after the overthrow of the Qing in 1911, Sun Yat Sen was still unable to stabilize China. Hence, it would have been unlikely for him to have been able to stabilize China when under worse conditions. Sources: 1. 2. https://en.wikipedia.org... 3. https://upload.wikimedia.org... 4. https://en.wikipedia.org..."
"Courts have the responsibility to create racially balanced schools. Answer 1: The percentages of races in school can vary from year to year but there was a significant drop of kids going to school during the 1974 busing incident. In Boston schools a few years back tests sown results of 78%black/Hispanic and 14%white which lead me to think about the racial imbalance of social classes. Answer 2: My evidence to having significant proof that having mixed schools don""t always have the best test score is look at inner city schools and for our diverse school. Our test scores aren""t higher than the suburban counties with one race of dominance. Answer 3: Laws are debated upon every single day and when there are multiple options people have their own opinions in which Boston""s first plan doesn""t allow parents and families to make being in a free country, but in the new plan options are given and feeling toward school choice can be satisfactory."
"Increase in funding for Space Exploration. It is the case, currently, that the United States government operates at a net budget deficit [1]. Therefore, in order to balance said budget, the Federal government needs to cut spending and raise taxes. At the current juncture, the most effective solution to allowing space exploration to have long term viability is to either freeze or reduce NASA's budget. Sources: [1] http://www.whitehouse.gov..."
"No body really deserves arbitrary respect. Well first of all I should have defined arbitrary respect. I think its when people gain respect because of status. For instance there seems to be a lot of people who demand respect just because they are in the army. I don't think its wrong for people to not respect people in the army based on their beliefs. I'm not sure that we are debating the same thing but thats how I feel about it. I also think people who are of a religious faith also demand a respect that is not deserved. What I'm saying is that people should be judged on their beliefs and it shouldn't be taboo to disrespect what you think is wrong, like religion or army, but people cannot do so because of the preconceived notion that these organizations are sacred and should be respected no matter what they do."
"The use of atomic bombs was the only was to persuade Japan's rulers to surrender. From late 1944 Japan’s defeat was certain. The Japanese leadership knew this, but this knowledge did not equate acceptance nor did it translate into action. The Americans felt that some sort of game changer was needed to push the Japanese into surrender.  According to Henry L. Stimson “We, [the administration] felt that to extract a genuine surrender from the Emperor and his military advisors, they must be administered a tremendous shock which would carry convincing proof of our power to destroy the Empire.”[1] The United States Strategic Bombing Survey reckoned that to cause equivalent damage done by the Atomic Bombs using conventional weapons would require 345 B29’s.[2] However it is not the fact that the Atomic bombs saved hundreds of B29 missions that is the crucial element. That is the sheer terror that the destructive power of the atomic bombs. This made the Atomic bombs of a different order to any number of conventional B29 missions and was a crucial factor in bringing about the Japanese surrender. If the fact that a city could be levelled in a single night could make the Japanese surrender they would have done so many months previously, and many times over. Important members of the Japanese government agreed with Stimson’s assessment of the importance of shock. Prime Minister Suzuki said “The atomic bomb provided an additional reason for surrender as well as an extremely favorable opportunity to commence peace talks. I believed such an opportunity could not be afforded by B-29 bombings alone.”[3] [1] Secretary of War, Henry Stimson quoted by Rudolph A. Winnacker, ‘The Debate About Hiroshima’, Military Affairs, vol.11, no.1, Spring 1947, p.27. [2] United States Strategic Bombing Survey: Summary Report (Pacific War), http://www.anesi.com/ussbs01.htm p.24. [3] Suzuki Kantaro quoted by Sadao Asada, ‘The Shock of the Atomic Bomb and Japan’s Decision to Surrender - A Reconsideration’ in Hiroshima in History: The Myths of Revisionism, (Columbia, 2007) p. 35"
"United States Selective Service System. We are debating whether the United States Selective Service System or any sort of forced military registration or draft is a good policy. Rules: Round 1: Rules, questions/clarifications by pro, and acceptance. Round 2: Con responds to questions by pro about rules, pro presents first argument. Round 3: Con presents first argument, pro gives counter arguments. Round 4: Con gives counterarguments, pro gives closing remarks. Round 5: Con gives closing remarks, pro does not give another argument because they were given an extra round, as because they are pro, they went first."
"Copy Protection and DRM Actively Restrict Important Rights. The rights of any citizen who purchases media is at stake in this issue. The rightful owner of media has the right to do with it as they please, so long as they do not infringe upon the copyright holder's exclusive right to benefit from their work. The rights described in U.S. Fair Use law and precedent [[http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.html]] clearly do not infringe upon the copyright holder. It therefore follows that copy protection is an infringement upon the media owner's right to open expression and use of their own property. When the purpose of said actions is simply to make public comment on the music purchased or to critique it or use it for some other academic purpose then the free speech rights of those individuals are being violated, specifically because of the need to use the media to contextualize their opinions or lessons for everyone else. The critical importance of the rights of speech and artistic expression are undeniable. Artistic and cultural expressions are often contextualized and extended through society by sampling and re-imagining (Think of Andy Warhol's study of Campbell's soup cans or the use of music samples in mash-ups). Both cases would likely run afoul of current copyright protection laws as they are currently conceived in the DMCA. It is very clear that the wealth of media created today can be invaluable for the education of children. The reason is that through multimedia curricula, more information can be conveyed convincingly. This improves the quality of education and empowers students to exercise their own rights to free speech. However, it is prohibitively expensive for a teacher to buy 20-30 copies of a work and often the cost is beyond students' means. Allowing a reasonable number of copies for an educational use promotes these valuable enrichment activities and improves discourse throughout society."
"The Argument from reasonable Non-Belief (ANB). I am not sure what I should write for my introduction... So let me express my gratitude to my opponent and the readers. Please vote fairly and explain your votes for I feel safe in saying that we both (me and my opponent) would rather lose than win unfairly. :: Reasonable arguments against Yahweh do exist :: The first error that I find in the first premise is that if Yahweh (the Christian God) exists then reasonable arguments against Yahweh most certainly exists ! In Psalm 10 David complains ""Why standest thou afar off, O LORD? why hidest thou thyself in times of trouble? "" and he does the same in Psalm 44 ""Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and forgettest our affliction and our oppression?"". In Isaiah 45, Yahweh is described as a God who hides ""Verily thou art a God that hidest thyself, O God of Israel, the Saviour"". So in conclusion reasonable arguments against Yahweh are compatible with Yahweh. However, this does not mean that its unreasonable to believe in Yahweh. Yes, David did indeed have his doubts as I have just shown but ultimately he believed. In Conclusion: 1. There are reasonable arguments against Yahweh's existence. Which supports non-belief. 2. However, there are good reasons to believe. Which supports Christianity. 3. Therefore, for the Christian God to exist he simply has to be the more reasonable choice. 4. Now, we are back to square one. :: Belief in God (and Jesus) is not necessary for salvation :: ""For when Gentiles who do not have the Law do instinctively the things of the Law, these, not having the Law, are a law to themselves, in that they show the work of the Law written in their hearts, their conscience bearing witness, and their thoughts alternately accusing or else defending them, on the day when, according to my gospel, God will judge the secrets of men through Christ Jesus"" (Romans 2:14-16) ""Many will say to Me on that day, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in Your name, and in Your name cast out demons, and in Your name perform many miracles?' And then I will declare to them, ‘I never knew you; depart from Me, you who PRACTICE LAWLESSNESS'."" (Matthew 7:21-23) (I intentionally capitalized the last two words) When my opponent says ""Now, quite clearly, we can only love, respect & worship that which we think exists."" he forgets about a question which used to torment me. The question being ""What about those who have never heard ?"". 1. Since Yahweh is omnibenevolent we are justified in assuming that everybody has an equal chance of salvation. 2. There is no contradiction in the statement ""X loves all Y's personality traits but X does not believe that Y exists"". 3. One can be saved without ever hearing the word ""Jesus"" or even believing in a God."
"Michael Savage is the biggest dewshbag on the right end of the spectrum. I agree with my opponents definitions except with what he claims to be the right end of the spectrum. Just because you are on the right, that indeed does not make you a republican. You could be any apart of any political party and still be conservative. Matter in fact, Glenn beck has even considered himself to be a ""libertarian"" haha.. My opponent wishes to argue that Bill O'reilly and Glenn Beck are potential candidates of exceeding Savage's douche baggyness. In rebuttal.. 1. Glenn Beck is purely an entertainer and he plays of that record alone. YES, he is on fox and attempts to be a cheerleader for fox news's brain washing. However, he is a joke and he knows this. And although did he throws smear campaigns day by day on fox, he always will say "" You be the judge and look it up yourself"". In the end of the day Glenn Beck is really just a conservative Alex Jones...( a nut ) 2. Bill O'reilly is really just an old prick quite honestly. Yes he is up there on the doucheness, but regardless he's a big time news anchor, and he is forced to have manners and keep it cool. Of course he has made some very horrible claims and seriously should be considered as a bigoted hate speaker. THE POINT: Michael Savage is a radio head with no boundaries, and unlike Bill or Glenn, he has been BANNED from an entire nation. He has defined hate speech and has expressed himself to be quite a ""fascist-nationalist"" political figure. More examples: http://www.youtube.com... - Here Savage calls a caller a worm, and a coward for having a peaceful political difference. http://www.youtube.com... - Despite the horrible title, Michael links black people from slavery to welfare.. http://www.youtube.com... - This just makes me laugh... A Mexican caller gets his revenge, sorta."
"We all have some responsibility for climate change. Our lifestyles result in large amounts of carbo... We all have some responsibility for climate change. Our lifestyles result in large amounts of carbon being released into the air. Unless ordinary people can be brought to change their behaviour we will never tackle climate change. So it is fair to use market methods that raise the price of energy to encourage us to change our behaviour. Ways can be found to make sure that no one suffers under this new system. For example, other taxes can be cut to make up for having to pay a carbon tax. And even if emissions were tackled by regulation instead, that would still have the effect of raising the cost of energy and fuel. Producers would pass the increased costs of regulation on to consumers, so we will have to pay more one way or another."
"Islam is incapable of being peaceful. My opponent is stating that Islam is a naturally violent religion, now while I am of a different faith I do not see this as being the case. If you were to do what I did and actually look up what the Islamic beliefs are you would come across the ""Five Pillars of Islam."" The first is the Shahadah (Declaration of faith), this has no violence it's the Islamic terrorists that turn to violence over this. The second one is prayer (Salah), again nothing about violence. The third, charity or alms-giving (Zakat) , i'm getting tired of saying this but again not violent. The fourth is fasting during the month of Ramadan (Sawm), there is nothing violent about fasting it is a simple process of not consuming food or drink for a certain period of time. Finally the fifth, A pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj), this is definitely not threatening. It's the Islamic terrorists that make this religion seem so violent an incapable of peace, blame the terrorists not the religion."
"no more hesitation targets of women, children, elderly. One in four elderly own a gun.[1] One in four women own a gun.[1] The issue is beyond gun ownership. Knife ownership combined with felonious intent is enough for an officer to shoot. It would probably be safe to say 100% of the above own a meat cleaver. As for Aggravated Assault offenders, the numbers support my position.[2] Also, the position you are taking supports discrimination. It's true that most Aggravated Assault cases are men who have not entered middle age. However, it is profiling to practice only on men. [1] http://www.gallup.com... [2] http://www.fbi.gov..."
"Plastic Surgery Should Be Banned For Everyone Except... If you were in a serious accident, car crash, mauled by a bear, burn victim etc. then it's clearly fine to be permitted a little plastic surgery to clean things up. Or if you have some serious disfigurement like one breast significantly smaller than the other, or are missing a large portion of your buttock, it should be permittable too. But in any other situation it should be BANNED. I have NEVER seen a case where plastic surgery has ever looked ""good"". Plastic surgery leaves permanent scars and makes the poor people who receive this treatment disfigured and mangled for life. I'm against all forms of this horrid activity, but I'd like to point out breast, and butt implants specifically. These two operations ALWAYS turn out looking horrendous. If you get breast or butt implants you will look unnatural and disgusting. You will also cause confusion when wearing cloths and attract potential mates who would have never been interested without the perceived ""enhancements"". This doesn't even work anyways, when that person you tricked into being interested in you because of your breast or butt implants finally sees what you really look like naked, it will create a very awkward situation. They will not want to be with you, or touch you, not even once. Large breasts and butts are an evolutionary sign of strength and power. If you have large natural breasts it means you will produce a voluminous amount of milk after a pregnancy for the offspring to feed on. This extra milk will make the infant grow into a strong baby. A good, well formed butt also promotes a more safe environment for a baby to develop in as well. Do not try to screw with evolution ladies! You by getting plastic surgery are just messing with natural selection! And it won't even work because anyone with any high quality genes won't mate with you anyway. Stop the freak show people! What the hell is going on here? Earth is not some carnival side show! And let me tell you about this ethics and morals behind this atrocity too. Say you have a pile of extra money sitting in the bank just getting stale, so you decide to go blow it on a nose job? Sick, selfish. You could donate that money to starving children or help homeless people figure out how to help themselves. You promote the idea that vanity and appearance matter more than helping other people with real problems. If a person want's to look better and feel better they need to exercise and diet, THAT SIMPLE. If you're offended, great. I'm sick of people sugar coating and dancing around real world problems like there no big deal. Not everything is a big deal, but this IS. PLASTIC SURGERY IS HUMAN MUTILATION! HOLY HELL!! VOTE NOW!!! BAN PLASTIC SURGERY FOR VAIN INDIVIDUALS WHO DO NOT ACTUALLY REQUIRE IT, AS OBVIOUSLY THEY ARE UNFIT TO MAKE THESE KINDS OF DECISIONS FOR THEMSELVES!"
"Late Term Abortion. Clearly you didn't understand a word I said. Where did I say I think it's right for people to pay for someone else's abortion?? And yeah I do support all abortions but I'm talking about for their reasons! It's unwanted. They arnt ready. Poverty. Overpopulation. and are you stupid?! It's clear that a fetus is not a sperm! I gave that as an example to how far people will go in life to get 'rights' for cells. It's ridiculous and rather stupid. A fetus doesn't deserve rights because its nothing! An adult deserves rights unlike a clump of cells..and ya us kids growing up rely on our parents for things but you know what.. The mother CHOOSES not to abort them! So an UNWANTED parasite is leeching off of the mother. Of course we have every right to get rid of it. And did I not mention that I can't go back and see what you said! And did I not say sorry that I might not respond to everything you said! Read my texts and actually look at then before you open your mouth. And they arnt innocent babies! They are fetus's and they dont matter. A unwanted fetus isn't gonna control an adults life. What don't u understand? and yes I will relate these 2 because a mother taking care of her wanted baby is different then a mother aborting her unwanted fetus. The mother has a life and needs to focus on education and working. She's not just gonna throw it all away for something useless. In life there are paths we can take.. A left, a right, a forward whatever. Same goes for an abortion. We can have one or we might choose not to. The mother needs to think realistically on what is best for her. stop trying to mount a fetus up to an adult cuz that's not happening. A fetus has no say and the mother has all the say. Again..she created it and she can take it out until 9 months. However once it is born she cannot abort it. Thus she has a few months to think about a decision that will change her life forever. and again..THEY ARNT INNOCENT!! Enough with that crap cuz it could grow up to be a rapist. Or as you would say ""it could grow up to find the cure for cancer"". Ya right.. Lol"
"Social Darwinism. My opponent has no time for this debate so he forfeited round 2. I will take this opportunity to further my argument. What people of leftist standing fail to see is that ""production for profit"" and ""production for use"" are essentially the same thing. Except the former is more efficient in all areas. ""Production for profit"" would be manufacturing something with the intent of selling it at a price higher than the manufacturing cost (the sale price). ""Production for use"" would be manufacturing something with the intent of selling it at a break-even price (no profit). But if you take into account that while people are spending less money, they are also making less money, then it really turns out the same. But it doesn't, ""production for profit"" works better. ""Why?"" my opponent asks. Because people will not produce something unless they are going to profit. This is human nature. So the less someone is payed, the less effort they will put into something. Under communism, the solution to this problem is to force them to work through militarized collectivism (a.k.a. slavery). Under capitalism, the solution to this problem is to let every individual and corporation make as much money as possible as long as every transaction is voluntary. Social Darwinism is the idea that the latter is the way to go. It also explains that market competition leads to inequality, which is not a bad thing. So comparing the incomes of different people and highlighting the stark contrasts between them (which is my opponent's next resort) is moot. There is no logical way to deny this, as it works in theory and in practice."
China should be the universal language. China should not be the universal language due to the following reasons: 1st- It is difficult to understand. We need to study about the stress and any other things that Mandarin has. It has lots of words that have the same spelling but different pronunciations. So we'll find it difficult. 2nd- It has difficult alphabet- As we all know that Mandarin has difficult alphabet and it is not easy for us to understand.
"Parents feeding their children fast food. I have to say I agree with you in some cases, but on the other hand, this is up to the parent. The parent of the child is their parent for a reason. They will raise the child how they want. They can feed it what they want, show it what they want, teach it what they want, and they are in control of the childs enviroment. As a parent (which I'm guessing you are), I understand where you would think that this is wrong and where you would want to change this. Myself, I am only a 16 year old boy. I don't quite understand the feeling of being a parent. What I do understand, is that you can control what your kids are involved with. If they are going to feed their kids fast food, and then complain about obesity and bad health, let them. They are the parents of the child. They decide what THEY think is right for the child and what isn't. I'm just shooting in the dark in this debate to be honest, but if anything, I'll learn something."
"If ""styles make fights"" in boxng; Mayweather beats Pacquiao. I am very disappointed by how this debate turned out. I was trying to give my opponent the benefit of the doubt but now it is indisputable what he or she was trying to do. If you read my opponent's argument in Round 1, it is clear that they are trying to deconstruct the language of my resolution as opposed to the substance. My opponent has showed no desire to debate boxing but instead wanted to challenge my use of the word ""style"". ""Style"" is often defined as the strategic approach a fighter takes during a bout."" (source: http://en.wikipedia.org...) ""While all boxers utilize different moves and punches to some extent, the specific way they fight is called their style."" (source: http://entertainment.howstuffworks.com...) ""There is a commonly accepted theory about the success each of these boxing styles has against the others. The general rule is similar to the game Rock, Paper, Scissors - each boxing style has advantages over one, but disadvantages against the other. A famous clichï¿½ amongst boxing fans and writers is ""styles make fights""."" (source: http://en.wikipedia.org...) Whether or not this is the proper use of the word ""style"" is irrelevant. That is what the word means in boxing lingo. I dare say even the most casual boxing fan would have known that. This mistake leads me to believe (and I hate to say this) that my opponent may know little if anything about boxing, and perhaps should not have challenged me. Please vote for Pro. For those who are interested, I'd like to continue on why I think Mayweather would beat Pacquiao: http://www.youtube.com... http://www.youtube.com... Pacqiao seems to be vulnerable to straight right hands. The first video is a compilation of Juan Manuel Marquez hitting Pacquiao with several straight right hands in both of their fights. Many of Pacquiao's recent opponents have lacked a good straight right hand. Oscar De La Hoya and Miguel Cotto are left-handed fighters who box in the orthodox stance, which means their straight right is not their dominant hand. Ricky Hatton and Antonio Margarito are both pressure in-fighters who mostly use hooks and uppercuts and rarely if ever throw straight rights. Joshua Clottey and Shane Mosley do have good striaght rights, but both of them were too defensive in their fights with Pacquiao to throw them. Mayweather has a excellent straight right hand which he loves throwing (see the second video). Mayweather can step-back and counter Pacquiao all night with straight right hands, like Marquez did, and win the fight."
"banning wouldn't stop people viewing them. Not All programs with explicit content ARE educational. Tasteful nudity or swearing is not banned even for children( watch National geographic or discovery science). These bans act as warnings and work well with responsible parents and children. Children KNOW that this is bad and if they choose to see it, great. BUT if there were no such bans or warnings , unwilling children would unwittingly stumble upon content that just serves cheap thrills. Removing restrictions, would be unfair to the many children who respect them and whom they protect."
"In the current environment, moves to make English the official language are specifically targeted at Hispanic immigrants. It may well be that some people backing the push to make English the official language have questionable motives, but the movement should be evaluated based on its results. Right now Hispanics are already stigmatized, whether on one hand as temporary labourers unable to speak English and therefore destined for the worst jobs, or as an invading horde planning to conquer the United States. For better or worse, the self-segregation of the community reinforces many of these beliefs, while it also prevents their kids from learning English. If this policy helps to break this self-segregation up, and the children of Hispanic Immigrants become as American as the children of German immigrants became in the early 20th century then their opportunities will be greatly increased."
"Conceal/open carry laws cause many GOP voters to appear weak and paraniod. http://thedailybanter.com... I grew in very conservative community where everyone had guns, hunting was done before school and you might have a deer in the back of the pick-up and a gun in the back window when you arrived at school in the morning. As conservative and gun toting as it was though, we always settled major disputes with a brawl, eventually followed by handshake somewhere down the road. It was always the perceived ""thugs in the ghettos"" who were the ones who couldn't solve disputes through argument or a good, clean fistfight. Even in the ""wild west"" men left their firearms at the edge of town and handled disputes like men. All of the ""tough guy"" conservatives seem to have faded, now we're left with these NRA members who are afraid to go to a suburban 7-Eleven without packing a piece. And many of whom, are like Dick Cheney who couldn't hit a pheasant, if the birds life depended on it. We now have a growing majority of Republicans who couldn't scrap their way out of a wet paper sack and need the security of a gun for every black seventeen year-old in a hoodie, that they deem a potential threat. I used to think of Republicans as the gritty Veteran, that wasn't afraid of anybody and even at sixty years-old could still whoop the snot out of any liberal. My how things appear to have changed. The image of the ""old tough guy"" has turned into a ""soft"" individual that can't escape an imagined paranoia, unable to feel safe in their own house without an easily accessible AR-15, unable to pick up their kids from school without their conceal carry on their person and no ability to defend themselves with the guns attached to their shoulders that God blessed them with."
"essentially the same thing: tiller's illegal late term abortions, and someone killing two year olds. essentially the same thing: tiller's illegal late term abortions, and someone killing two year oldstiller is a man who did late term abortions, of viable babies, for trivial reasons. one example is he killed a baby at 26 weeks because the mom wanted to go to a rock concert. he did not comply with rules that determine how to determine viability, etc.the next hypothetical says that a man is killing two year olds illegally.how is it different to be doing illegal abortions, than someone killing two year olds? it's essentially the same thing.for that reason, if we see that politics and law aren't working to stop the two year old killer, we should engage in defense of others and shoot the man killing the children. in teh same manner, at least when he's doing those illegal abortions mentioned, we should engage in defesnse of others of the babies being aborted, at least right before the abortion occurs.how are these situations different?if you use the soverignty of the mom... how is it not her fault that she didnt abort earlier when morally grayer (even the law recognizes no absolute right), and how not her fault that she is at least partially responsible for the child's existance etc?please say how these situations are different."
"History has condemned nations getting into other nation affairs. I love how my opponent ignores my forst rebuttal as if he's conceding that point to me. Anyway on to the debate. ""I dont need a source. That was a war where 70 million people died."" Actually the number is 1978167400 Source: http://en.wikipedia.org... ""Any way we avoid fighting should been the way."" So we should have ignored the genocide Hitler did and ignore Japan in the Pearl Harbour Attacks? ""How do you know more deaths could have come from this?"" It's caled ""logic."" It is quite obvious what would have happened. Hitler first invaded Poland and then went on a rampage throught Europe. No one country could have defeated him. We needed to join forces against fascism. He would have performed genocide outside those nations. I urge a strong vote for con. My opponent had horrible spelling and never argued his side of the case."
"The Bible is a good source for morals today. GenocideThe god of the bible who is claimed to be of perfect and moral character and the bible is therefore as it was written by the prophets of Yahweh and the disciples of Christ the bible is claimed to be the perfect moral guide. How then can the bible in the name of Yahweh preach genocide? Yahweh in Deuteronomy 13:13-19 explicitly commands the destruction of an entire town if just one person worships another god. Now I know you will come back with the argument that those laws were written in a different time (ignoring that this totally contradicts the entire premise of Christian absolute morality) this is essentially to say that there is a time when this sort of religious cleansing and barbarism is justified. Furthermore Yahweh commands his chosen people to destroy entire peoples for no better reason than because their existence complicates his real estate dealings [1]. This is shown over and over again in the Jewish destruction of uncountable cities [2] [3] [4] [5] and yet this is the character the bible promotes as being of perfect moral character. SexismBoth in the old and new testament women are regarded as the property of either their father or their husband, this is shown by how women are referred to along with property in Exodus 20 and when they are treated like property in mosaic law [6] [7]. Jesus also refers to women saying that they should not be permitted to have any kind of authority over a man [8].Barbarity of Mosaic LawI know it is argued that the laws stated in the pentateuch no longer apply (regardless what Jesus says [9]) but Yahweh did still give these laws so in keeping with Yahweh’s perfect nature Christians must accept that there historically contingent circumstances where:Killing witches [10]Killing homosexuals [11]Killing children who hit their parents [12]Killing adulterers [13]Killing unbelievers [14] And killing apostates [15]Are all justified.Lack of Actual MoralityWhile there are a few good bits in the bible there does appear to be a lack of morality that wasn’t already existing in the secular world. I would like to be presented with profound morality that appears in the bible that hadn’t already been discovered.[1] Genesis 12:1-7[2] Joshua 6:20-21[3] Joshua 8:1-29[4] Jeremiah 50:21-22[5] Judges 18:27-29[6] Deuteronomy 22:23-24 [7] Deuteronomy 21:10-14[8] 1 timothy 2:12[9] Matthew 5:18 [10] Exodus 22:17[11] Leviticus 20:13[12] Exodus 21:15[13] Leviticus 20:10[14] Exodus 22:19 [15] 2 Chronicles 15:12-13"
"Women don't poop. You have said that Anita Pea's was not reliable because she was one of Sir ProstheticMcDickFingers worst apprentices and was always asking for sexual favors. This I cannot disprove. But what I can prove is that a later very renowned scientist named Harry Nutt reviewed her findings and said, and this is quoting his exact words,""Anita Pea was not a very good scientist and one of Sir ProstheticMcDickFingers' worst subjects because she was a young woman and Sir ProstheticMcDickFingers was very attractive, so she, of course, was attracted to him. But as I looked through her papers of her experiments, I found out that even though she wasn't the sanest person in the world, her experiments were lucid and very hard to controvert. I, with the power granted in me as the most congratulated scientist of the late 20th century and winner of a Nobel Prize, say that Anita Pea's experiments are perfectly true. I even have conducted her experiments personally on my wife and find these all true"" Now that is a very good argument right there. One of the greatest scientists of all time, Harry Nutt, says Anita's standings are true. I, of course, being a follower of Harry Nutt, have decided that women actually do poop in very microscopic strands that are as thin as hair through their tiny rectum. That is all that is needed because this fulfills the purpose that women do actually poop. It's just that it all comes out in small strands and the rest are distributed out throughout the body. Even though Pro said that ""sweat and saliva are classified as fecal free substances by the agency of Fecal Study and Control"", there are other ways of disposing of the fecal matter. Vote Con. I would also like to thank the reader, voters, and my opponent for reading this outrageously stupid topic. I also can say this debate has been a pleasure to participate in."
"Trump is good. Its politics, who doesnt lie. Politifact has proven on multiple occasions to be extremely biased. He is just money smart. He has got through 4 bankruptcies but he didn't give up he proved to have perseverence and now he is one of the richest men in America. And majority of your sources have been proven time and time again to be biased against republicans."
"It should be socially acceptable to make fun of God. I will of course be arguing against Blob, I believe that although free speech is important. It is not right to be able to mock a religion and/or leader of that religion. It is Against our constitution to mock a religion. In our first amendment it guarrants us the freedom of religion. And in truth you are not not allowing us to practice such religion, you are mocking our religious views which could influence our choices. 1st Amendment: ""The First Amendment provision that prohibits the federal and state governments from establishing an official religion, or from favoring or disfavoring one view of religion over another."" By allowing the mocking of God(s) it allows the favorment of a religion over others. By the way when I say you in this argument I mean those who mock god not you as in the ""Pro"" It is a conflict of rights and such should be decided in the courts, not on the streets and our minds."
"Standards of professional behavior ought to be valued above freedom of expression.... I would like to Cross Examine you first by asking, Define John Locke's Social Contract, Explain and elaborate on your first contention and here is my arguments to make it sort and sweet V- Amendment 1 of the Bill of Rights C - Promoting freedom of expresion skyrockets teens confidence 1- Freedom of Speech 2- Tinker vs. Des Moines made this possible 3- Professional behavior is not for teens"
"Rap battle. You a dusty a-ss trick, You ain't ever on fleek I'll put a noose around your neck, You ain't never gone speak It'll strangle you until every bone weak I'll leave you hanging next to somebody on the other line like when the telephone beep I'm going easy in this battle, This is just me being nice The thought me of turning up on you, Sh-t ain't even right You get out of line it's gone be a fight For them Newports, I pull out the cig but I don't need a light You should run from it, Hollow tips only come from it Beam on the mac, That's a red eye; its dumb blunted F-ck it, When I untuck it don't none want it You'll get gun butted with two hammers I nunchuck it You scaring nothing, You getting whooped and I'm barely punching We packers like Green Bay, I get to airin' something Roger that, I'm the type to break your jaw, Your eye get black I ain't tryna rap; I'll give you a dose, Diamond tap You cursed, You can't escape mine Kvng, I'm in a great prime, You got a great mind And you can hone it, It just takes time Approach you with a great 9, It's hosted on waistline The bullets fly you all the way to the sun, I'll let you shine"
"Conceding and voiding debates. I won't get too flowery with this opening statement. There are many instances where a person may start a debate and not be able to finish it. Schoolwork, family emergencies, etc. These can interfere with a debate. In addition, a person may have made a fatal error in judgment, or realized that an opponent's point cannot be countered. I believe that there should be two extra options: 1. Concede debate. This automatically takes you out of the debate. The benefit of this is that in a multi-round debate, if you find you cannot win, or want to concede for any other reason, you don't force the rest of the site to wait 3 days per round before they can vote. 2. Void debate This sends a request to the opponent to void the debate. In this case, there are no winners and the debate is deleted. Thus, a person cannot be voted for unfairly if the opponent has encountered some emergency."
"Increased global security. The presence of US military equipment and counter-terrorism forces in Africa will result in greater security for the rest of the world. Many of the terrorist groups which have existed in the ‘ungoverned’ spaces of Africa have an international agenda. Al-Qaeda and other groups have used Africa as a base to plan attacks against the West, such as the 2004 Madrid bombing[1]. The disruption and eradication of these groups is therefore beneficial as it will prevent these groups from acting freely on the international stage. [1] Lyman, P. N., ‘The War on Terrorism in Africa’ pg.2"
"Wealth doesn't ""trickle down"" from the rich to the poor. I'm not somebody who is a complete opponent of keynesian economics. I believe both models have their place depending on the exact flavor of the current economic atmosphere of the time. I think that if you get control of the insanity of student loan debt, you make the usage of Supply Side Economics more viable. I am a Moderate minded person. I believe both models can work effectively if not handcuffed by other irresonsible practices. * Schools purposefully took advantage of the Federal Student Loan programs. They did not look at a student's credit history. They did not look at a student's income. They did not look at a student's ability to repay the debt. They did not look at anything. They just started giving out free loans and money to anyone and everyone. So guess what schools started doing. They started recruiting students in mass, signing them up for federal loans that these students couldn't even afford, but students with dreams of success signed the dotted line figuring they'd get a good job and pay it back. Later, many did not find good jobs, and these heavy loans that took advantage of this overly generous giving of loans of any amount(withinreason) to anyone killed the economy. Obama actually did a good thing on this one in my opinion by implementing student loan forgiveness. Once the balance becomes stable, I believe Supply Side economics can do fine. The problem was that everyone had such heavy debt that they couldn't get loans for houses, spend extra on clothes, food, trips, etc. This effected the entire infrastructure of the economy. The schools got greedy and the government was too slow to act. https://studentaid.ed.gov... Here are some testimonials in a video simply explaining what the student loan crisis did to people. http://youtu.be... They had went to school, tried to get an education and now are hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt, and they can never pay it back. Can they buy a house? No. Can they take trips? No. Can they buy stuff? No. So guess what. That money is not going back into the economy. * So if people were not loading up on unsermountable student loan debt, Supply Side would have been fine. It works as long as the people are not handcuffed by other legislation and/or policies. * In my opinion, if all of these people were free from this crazy debt, Supply Side works fine. But any ""trickling down"" that happens is pointless if those recieving it cando nothing with it. Take for example, someone with $50,000 instudent loandebt. They are fighting to make it, they do their taxes, they get a tax return of $5,000. Guess what. It's taken and applied to the federal loan. What part of the sector made money? Some school made money that might go back into education, but the economy sees nothing. All that happened is the government trying to make up loan losses, and the civilian has $0 to spend."
"The U.S. Constitution should be interpreted as a living document. Unfortunately, my opponent failed to meet his three day deadline to post an argument for Round 3. Given that he hasn't taken five minutes to explain himself or offer an apology in the comments section, I have no choice but to assume that he has conceded this debate to me. I will not waste any more of my time offering any further arguments.If anyone else would like to debate me on this topic in the future, feel free to offer me a challenge. Until then, however, please vote for Pro as the winner of this debate. Thanks for reading."
"pascals wager is a fairy tale. Pascal's Wager is simply a hypothetical view of the Theist vs. Atheist debate. It isn't a ""fairy tale"", but is a simplified version of a Theist's point of view on the matter. Both sides might disagree on reality, but it is ""worth a chance"" that the Theistic position is right. If your wrong, you don't lose anything anyway. Using an analogy like you are doing misses the point of Pascal's Wager. If you dislike it, then give a logical reason for how it is wrong. Not an irrelevant analogy in order to attack it. Truthfully, if you want to refute Pascal's Wager, don't use some irrelevant hypothetical attack. I want to know, what part of Pascal's Wager is incorrect?"
"America should reduce the Age Of Consent (of sexual acts) to 16 and above. The Age of Consent is a very ambiguous area of law, depending on the state and scenario. In some states, the Age Of Consent is 18 and above; any age below can be considered rape. However, that is very flawed as the average male teen loses his virginity at 16.9 and the average female at 17.4.(Sources: Kinsey Institute; California State University) Reducing the Age of Consent to 16 lets teens enjoy sex when they prefer to (around age 17) while preventing any clueless kids from being taken advantage of.(PS: This is my very first Debate here. Hope to have a lot of fun!)"
"Failures of American Heroes. As you have yet to define anything, I'll take the preemptive move to do so. Failures: Lack of success Well, I didn't read the question thoroughly, and ended up at the ""against"" side:/ Sucks to be me. Nevertheless, I'll give it my best shot. So, I'll have to battle it out to prove that We shouldn't teach failures of famous Americans in school And you'll have to prove that we should teach of their failures So Last round only rebuttal, no new points, ay? All the best!"
"Hybrid cars are too mild a solution to global warming. Global warming is a global crisis. It requires an immediate, dramatic response. Yet, hybrids are a half measure. They reduce emissions only slightly, moving cars from a terrible contributer to global warming a notch down to a bad contributor. Instead of supporting hybrid cars, full measures must be taken with immediate moves to electric and/or hydrogen vehicles, which emit no greenhouse gases from the tail-pipe."
"changing the curfew time. forgive for not saying if its a local or nation decision. its a local decision, the reason i said that the time should be declined to nine p.m. is because the crime rate has gone up in California since the 1990's. and do u have an aim because this is taking to long. and i'm am not crazy, i just want the next generation to have a healthy community. thank you very much"
".9999999 bar does not = 1. And I would like to welcome him to ddo. Seeing that my opponent is familiar with the subject I will get strait to the point. I take issue with the Prof at the following point: "". .. Subtract 0.999. .. , or ""x"" from both sides. .. 9x = 9"" 10x-x= 9x However, the other side of the equation is not true. when x was multiplied by 10, "".999. .. "" became 9.9999. .. . what is left out is the fact that there is now one less 9 at the end. Now, one may be tempted to say that since there are infinite 9's this shouldn't matter. However contrary to popular belief, in the world of infinity, not all infinities are created equal. inf. -1 = inf. However, inf. - 1 - inf. = -1. So, when x is multiplied by 10 there are ""inf. -1"". 9's following the decimal point. As opposed to x, which has inf. 9's following it. Thus when subtracted, we do not have ""9"" but rather a value approaching 9. Thus while .999. .. is obviously approaching 1, it is not equivalent to 1."
"Tuition fees will improve education recieved. Universities are facing testing times at the moment. The recession has left public finances in a mess and universities are facing cuts in their funding from the government. Lecturers are losing their jobs, spending on research is being frozen, and with a record amounts of applications to universities, there are fears that many could miss out. [[http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/education/8491729.stm]]. Tuition fees are needed by universities to pump money into their institutions to provide a consistently high level of education for their students. It is clear that public money cannot wholly sustain universities in the future."
"[League Of Legends] Mid laner Faker Of SKT T1 is the best mid laner (Global). ""However if Con agrees with this then obviously what Con stated about the 1v1 between Faker and PawN is fatal, because both PawN and Faker did not receive a proper gank that had affected on or the other during their laning phase (www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMLNVKPAHmY) and It's a fact that Kassadin has an incrediably weak laning phase like: Fizz, or Riven( in the mid lane) and more. While on the other hand, Talon has a much better laning phase against a Kassadin."" The video you linked was all about 1v1 as there was not a gank in the video. The video before had examples of ganks and counter ganks where pawn was jayce while talon was faker. During the second example of the ganks, bengi and faker clearly had pawn, but due to a lack of communication, bengi accidently kicked pawn away which gave pawn the clear advantage. For the first gank attempt, Pawn did not have much help from dandy while faker went in what seemed to be too soon and almost got soloed by pawn. As for talon vs kassadin, at the 5 or 6 second mark, you could see faker having his minion wave pushed up. Since kassadin is bad early game, wouldn""t it have been more logical to either freeze the wave or let it be pushed for protection of tower? It seemed as though faker was over extended on the kassadin. For the NBA comparison, I would say that a game like league of legends does not continue to have legends like a sport would (even if this is considered a sport). Maknoon and pray used to be considered the best top laner and adc, but now those positions are passed down to whomever seems to have the best stats of the year. Faker was ahead of his time in 2013, but now he has fallen behind or is on equal grounds."
"Books are better than Television. Since you didn't respond to any of my arguments and babbled on incoherently about how stupid I am, I'll respond to what you wrote. Based on your response, reading books vastly decreases your ability to put a coherent sentence together with correct grammar and spelling. ""As you speak it looks like you talk with no proper education and self support from books."" Very hypocritical and grammatically incorrect, you forgot to add the comment after ""speak"" and the hyphen after ""self."" The only point you made was that I was not educated, which is incorrect. Please point out any grammatical or spelling error that I made; because I can show you dozens of spelling and grammatical errors that you made. I will ask my opponent to respond to my previous arguments."
"Other forms of online gambling. What is the difference between gambling and playing the stock market? In each case people are putting money at risk in the hope of a particular outcome. Gambling on horse-racing or games involves knowledge and expertise that can improve your chances of success. In the same way, trading in bonds, shares, currency or derivatives is a bet that your understanding of the economy is better than that of other investors. Why should one kind of online risk-taking be legal and the other not?"
"Poem Battle. I already made this poem for someone else but I'll just put it in here anyways because I like it: Jesus this, Moses that Abraham hit me with a whiffle-ball bat Hibbity Jibbity, bibbity swibbity this nonsense makes my brain all flippity I truly believe that all these debates Are not worth the trouble for all the stress it creates But I'm stuck in an endless cycle of stupid and I can't escape; my mind's been polluted Please save me; I'm in a sea of immature freaks And I've only been on this site for a couple of weeks... I've wasted my time, debating 60-year-old children One of them claiming he's a die-hard Christian Jesus this, Moses that Abraham hit me with a wiffle-ball bat Hibbity jibbity, bibbity swibbity @FollowerofChrist1955 has no debating ability Any pinch of peace and any trace of tranquility Has been destroyed with his lack of civility Any ounce of sanity or dash of nobility Has been long gone because of his mental ""stability"" Oh, you think I'm done? I'm just getting started You see, @Follower doesn't have me outsmarted He's thinks he's so wise, so amazing, so great We'll see what God thinks when he's at heaven's gate I'm eager to see his response to this poem; I can't wait! He'll look ridiculous when his facts aren't straight In all honesty, these arguments are mentally draining But @Follower 's response is always entertaining Jesus this, Moses that Abraham hit me with a whiffle ball bat Hibbity jibbity, bibbity swibbity @Follower has no credibility He'll respond with anger because of his ego's fragility But I'm okay with that; it's his disability"
"Greatest Political Speeches II. The Jimmy Carter speech sums up the aura that his administration gave off to the American public. The ""Crisis of Confidence"" speech is also known as the ""Malaise"" speech. My last choice is Nikita Khrushchev's 1960 United Nations speech. Better known as the speech where Khrushchev said the phrase ""We will bury you!"" He also took it upon himself to bang his shoe on the lectern while giving his speech.Nikita Khrushchev was the Premier of the USSR. Khrushchev was giving a speech to the UN denouncing colonialism and what he considers American ""imperialism."" The United Nations at this time was having a fierce debate on what they should do in relation to the Congo Crisis. Khrushchev was giving his opinion in his speech about what should be done. The video I provided contains some parts of the speech but not all. https://archive.org... http://www.youtube.com..."
"The Playstation 3 is a better console than the Xbox 360. The xbox community is clearly enjoyable. Not an opinion if you looked at my source you would have seen it broke the record for most people on Xbox live at once. Obviously people enjoy the community more than they dislike it. Its not opinion cause statistics show that more people buy and play on the Xbox community. Virtual goods cost time. Developers use their equipment time and money. So its fair people should pay. Great support is not an opinion. Go to Forum, ask anyone. Microsoft is always up to date and responds quickly to the community. Ive seen it. PS3 leaves glitches and patches open for a longer time then xbox. You say youve never had a problem with suppor, dosent mean someone hasnt. The xbox dashboard is clearly more organized. Not just an opinion. Its easier to find many things. My opponent is saying my things are opinianated. They are actually proven and facts stated. You cant have this debate without involving opinions. I bring opinions supported by the communiy of xbox and several things. Simply naming this debate ""The playstation 3 is a better console than the Xbox 360"" is an opinion so their will be opnion based arguments but i have backed mine up. Kinect is popular you may not like kinect adventures but its one of the top sellers and its above call of duty. you stated ""Xbox Basic Starting Hard Drive= 4GB PS3 Basic Starting Hard Drive= 160GB Nuff said."" This is invalid. I bought my Xbox and it came with a 60gb hard drive please look up facts. You failed to argue that xbox games sell more and sell better than ps3 games. Not an opinion i gae my source at the top. You didnt argue that blue ray movies tend to cost more. Like i said i cant tell the diffrence between Hd and Blu ray. Yes they take our money but in return we get better access. ""Counter (""PS3 has a terrible security system."")- Consider this: one of the largest online consumer communities on the planet, hacked. Everyone take a collective gasp...now. It's actually not that uncommon. "" You stated that ^ It is one of the largest but it has allowed more hacks into the system than Xbox (a larger online community)Yes hacks happen but Xbox patches them earlier than ps3, this is an example of great community support because the community does complain and does patch it first for Xbox."
"Soup is not a meal. Jerry Seinfeld was supposed to buy Kenny Bania a meal. Kenny Bania gives Jerry Seinfeld a brand new Armani suite and tells Jerry that they can call it even if Jerry takes him out for a meal sometime. Armani suites run somewhere between $1,000 and $2,000. Nobody could ever find a better deal than that. Jerry accepts the offer and then takes Kenny out to a restaurant called Mendys a couple days later. Kenny, who is full from a hot dog he ate earlier, orders a bowl of soup. After that, in an unbelievably unappreciative moment, Jerry tries to cheap shot Kenny and say that a bowl of soup is a meal when soup is clearly a side dish. Even Elaine Benes, who is one of Jerry's friends, says that Kenny's order was not really a meal."
"I have existed for all time and I will exist for all time. Thanks for the debate Brian_Eggleston.Rebuttal_It is true, the matter that makes up my opponent most likely has existed for a very long time.However, the opponent's resolution states that ""I,"" (1) as a person, have existed for all time. My opponent does not provide a specifically marked resolution to differ.Thus, my opponent did not exist as ""I"" until he was born as a conscious human, and thus has not existed for all time.""I"" is defined as the self, or the ego. (1) Thank you. Sources Cited___http://www.thefreedictionary.com..."
"Make Smoking Illegal. My opponent has now laid out 3 reasons for why people should not take up smoking, but they did not prove that these reasons warrant a ban on smoking. 1.My opponent makes the claim that smoking is the reason that the United States is not one of the top-10 healthiest countries, but they do not prove that this is due to smoking, and not obesity, sugar intake, alcohol consumption or any other cause. Therefore, this is a moot point, and does not warrant a government ban on smoking. 2.My opponent then makes the claim that says restrictions on smokers"" rights are not strict enough, but why is it the smoker""s responsibility not to smoke around other people? My opponent has not proven that a government ban would remedy this, nor did they show that non-smokers have a right to clean air. 3.I would also like to state that minors are not allowed to smoke. My opponents point only proves that a smoking ban would be ineffective and easy to circumvent. Now I have proven that both the smoking of meat and the smoking of cigarettes should remain legal. My opponent has completely avoided the topic of this debate (meat smoking), and therefore has not fulfilled their burden of proof. Vote Con!!!!"
"Insulting someone by calling them a liar is materially different from other insults. Please think about the following questions.Can a question be a lie?Can an instruction be a lie?How much, in debating, do we rely on our assessment of participants' characters when judging debates? Would we accept their bare assertions or would we need logic and evidence to convince us?What difference does knowing I'm a liar make when you're reading this? Are you reading it more critically and carefully, for example? Is that a good or a bad thing?Look at Pro's definition of a lie: an assertion the truth value of which cannot be determined. It cannot be automatically taken for granted that whatever a liar states is categorically false...How is that different from any other unsupported statement that might be offered in a debate?Wouldn't you always keep in mind the possibility that a debater might be, if not lying, exaggerating, misrepresenting or simply mistaken about the truth? Do you even believe in ""truth"" as such?How is your reading relationship with me altered by the knowledge that I'm a liar? If it's not altered very much, consider what the word ""liar"" is. Is it anything more than an expression of disapproval and hostility? If it is not, please conclude that it is an insult of the most ordinary kind."
"Halo is better than Call of Duty (Please base votes on arguments not what you think is better). I believe that Call Of Duty is better than Halo because: Cod has sold 12 million more copies than Halo.(As a series) Also, in recent polls in the gaming community, Cod has gotten more votes on every platform. Call Of Duty also has better ratings than the Halo series. I would then like to point out that Call Of Duty games come out every year, while a Halo game lifespan is often 2 years. This makes the Halo fans not only wait, but forces them to play a halo game for 2 years, then for the players who aren't compettetive players they won't even enjoy Halo. Con stats that Halo is balanced for competitive play,but fails to realize that approximately 2 percent of gamers are competitive. This leaves the other 98 percent of gamers left without a entertaining game. While Call Of Duty is made for both competitive( League Play) and just casual gamers.( Public Match) Also, Con states hat Halo battles are about outsmarting and outperforming your opponents. I would like to say that this isn't entirely true, in Halo polls it is said that 85 percent of people who shoot first win the gun battle. You can use melee weapons , grenades and equipment is a main aspect in Call Of Duty. Con then states that Call Of Duty campaigns don't have in depth campaigns. This is completely false , as it was very emotionally when Roach and Ghost die by Makrov who was thought to be their comrade. It was a very triumph moment when Captain Price kills Makrov(finally). Also, Cod has a very complex story-line, and you have to play them from the very beginning to fully understand. I would then like to state that Call Of Duty has a lot more game options to choose from, such as zombies, special ops. Etc. Call Of Duty has a better story-line, better multiplayer, and more special features. This leads me into my next topic about Cod's multiple story-lines, as Zombies has a story mode which means that Call Of Duty already has 2 story Lines in one game. Which proves that Cod has a far more complex story line than Halo. Cod has better rating, more options, Compatible for ALL types of players, and has sold a lot better than Halo. Call Of Duty is a far superior game to Halo."
"To be decided during the debate. I doubt my opponent is going to read this before his turn arrives, so I'll have to do this. 1. The topics proposed by my opponent are essentially one topic. In exchange for being forced to debate both a position and a topic that I myself do not choose, I request only that I be given a choice between a variety of topics. This request has been denied by my opponent and I ask kindly that he proposes three new topics (of which one of the old ones may be included) that will fulfill my requirements. I request that these three new topics be posted in the comments section, which I will diligently check at least once a day. I will then comment on my topic of choice and the debate will continue on as detailed in the first post."
"The historical Jesus predicted a first-century doomsday. ResolutionThe historical Jesus Christ predicted that the doomsday would happen within the short time span of his own generation (within the 1st century CE).ClarificationThis resolution is NOT an attempt to faithfully interpret the New Testament, though the writings of the New Testament may be used for evidence. The debate is about the probable historical Jesus, not necessarily the Jesus of Biblical trust and faith (though it can be).A previous similar debate was completed here: http://www.debate.org...DefinitionsYou may disagree with these definitions and adopt your own, but the following definitions are offered to clarify the resolution and my own meanings. ""Jesus Christ"" or ""Jesus"" is a proposed historical human being of the same rough profile of the central character of Jesus in the Christian gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. “Doomsday” is a set of events that entail death and destruction all over the world and strongly affecting everyone living, through many such events as wars, political upheavals and natural disasters. A “generation” is a group of people of roughly the same age and living at the same time, and it is used to signify a length of time bounded by the births and deaths of the group of people, as opposed to a longer length of time potentially covering centuries. A “doomsday cult” is a small group of people who are strongly devoted to the perceived will of a human leader and believes that the world will soon face a destructive global calamity. The term is primarily intended to be descriptive, not pejorative. A “doomsday cult leader” is a leader of a doomsday cult, and such a model of Jesus is otherwise known among critical New Testament scholars as, “apocalyptic prophet.” Opposing ContenderA contender may be anyone who does not believe that the historical Jesus predicted the first-century doomsday, including but not limited to someone who believes or suspects that Jesus was merely a myth, that Jesus was the son of God or messiah, or that Jesus was a mere human but commendable moral teacher, rabbi, social activist or philosopher.Rules First round is for acceptance. If you wish to forfeit, then post it. Don't let the time run out."
"9spaceking will Lose this Debate. Thanx Lannan13.REASONS WHY I WILL LOSE THIS DEBATE1. I am using Comic Sans.Trolls use humor and hilarious to divert attention and hog the votes. It seems evident that Imabench has even won, unfairly, a debate he hilariously trolled just because he was funny enough! [see: http://debate.org...] However, since Comic mean funny, or, ""pertaining to comedy"", as http://dictionary.reference.com..., and sans means ""without"", as http://dictionary.reference.com... simply states, I have no comedy or funny in this debate at all with my comic sans. Therefore I cannot use my classic trolling methods to defeat my opponent, as they will all fall short to defeat him.2. I lied.Here I am not using comic sans. Thus, argument one is a lie, and therefore I will most likely lose conduct point in this debate, and even possibly lose the debate in the process.3. I'm on a losing trend.As https://docs.google.com... clearly highlight, I rose massively in my 40-100 debates. I stayed and swayed a little while then rose hugely from 140-180. But now, I am having bad luck. I am lowering ever since my 180-debate apex record of 27 debates. I predict that I will lose further and lose this debate, contributing to my losing trend.4. Lannan THIRTEEN. EQUALS GOOD LUCKhttp://www.mtv.com...The above link shows how Taylor Swift knows 13 means good luck. Therefore Lannan is very likely to be Taylor Swift, and because Taylor Swift is so darn popular, (with a site even claiming her being the ""biggest pop star in the world""--http://vulture.com...) There's no way I can win.3.5 Errors, errors, errors.First you can see the ""Thanx"" spelling error in the beginning. Next up, here comes a broken link that doesn't even help my casehttp://www.huffingtonpost.com...;Not only so, my arguments are in the wrong order. 3.5 does not come before 4. (See: http://www.mathleague.com...) Errr....I mean, after 4. You see what I mean about my errors?IN ADDITION MY TEXT IS GREEN?? WHAT??? WHY!!!!!AND WHY IS THIS TEXT SO BIG5. Finally, I will lose because....The Yodel Theory. It never fails. Here's how it goesS: If I yodel too much, then I will lose ....(some words are omitted here).C1: I yodel too much.C2: I will lose (my voice).Support of c1: I yodel in the youtube video shown.http://youtube.com...Support of c2: I will lose (my voice) if I yodel too much.As you can see If I yodel too much then I will lose...6. The ""fence"" prevents me from winning.I will elaborate on this next round, even though I have like 5000 characters left to elaborate. This argument will become more clear next round."
"We should abandon the practice of printing books and resort to using E-books. First off my apologies to Pro for being late on the response, I had some real life obligations keeping me from properly replying, due to this, I will only be refuting and not adding any new points of information.Rebbutals - of course this can be refuted by saying books are just as, if not more prone to weathering/damage/tears or terrain issues *Con has refuted himself, saving me the energy to refute him and rendering his previous point (about E-readers being easily damaged) useless and unneccessary. However, I will still refute, it. My phone, for an example, is a Sony Xperia. It is waterproof and able to survive a fall from a five story building. I'm sure they can do the same with an E-reader. I would like to point out to Pro, that my point here was to compare the value of E-readers compared to books if one of them were to be damaged or break. *Note that I have not yet mentioned E-readers. Certainly, books are much cheaper than E-readers, but the E-books themselves are much cheaper than books. It is possible to get a 20 dollar book for 5 - 10 dollars. This is because it is much cheaper to produce E-books than it is E-readers. This statement is innacurate, in this arguement pro implies that books are around 20 Dollars. Most book sales go for around 10-15 Dollars if you purchase them new out of a store. However millions of people purchase their books on Amazon, which not only have discounted prices but also an option to purchase used books, Which millions of people do. Used books on amazon can go from 3-6 Dollars and most of them are in great condition. Unfortunately I have run out of time to reply to this argument, I still have a lot to say. and I look forward to stating my opinions in the next rounds, I strongly believe that Books should not be abolished for the use of E-books and I look forward to stating more points Against E-readers, and For Books!"
Children can access food without their parents knowledge. Children do not understand the repurcussions of over eating and find ways to get food even if their parents have forbidden it. Parents have little control over what their children eat at school and some children take food in the middle of the night. Is it feasible to be able to watch your child 24-7???????????? Yes if you were more interested in them.
"Resolved: The execution of Muammar Gaddafi by rebel forces was justified without a fair trial. This is for Socialpinko's debate tournament.The resolution is: The execution of Muammar Gaddafi by rebel forces was justified without a fair trialCon (Lordknukle) argues that the execution of Gaddafi was not justified without a fair trialPro (Drafterman) argues that the execution of Gaddafi was justified without a fair trialKey Terms: Muammar Gaddafi- The former Libyan dictator and ruler who was executed by rebel forcesExecution- The ending of a human lifeRebel forces- The citizens that overthrew Gaddafi and his violent regimeJustified- Acceptable by an international doctorineFair Trial- trial that is conducted fairly, justly, and with procedural regularity by an impartial judge and in which the defendant is afforded his or her rights under the U.S. Constitution or thea ppropriate state constitution or other law Outline:Round 1: Acceptance (No arguments)Round 2: Main arguments/Main case (The affirmative is not allowed to rebut the negative during Round 2)Round 3: Rebuttals (No new contentions/arguments to be introduced. New facts and information is fine)Round 4: Same as Round 3 Round 5: Final Rebuttal and Conclusion (To balance out the last word advantage, CON is allowed two rebuttals followed by a conclusion, while PRO is allowed one rebuttal followed by a conclusion).Rules:1. No semantic arguments2.No Ad Hominems3.No logical fallacies. http://www.nizkor.org...4. A single violation of the aforementioned rules or debate outline will automatically result in the loss of one point. Two violations and over will result in the loss of two points.Good luck!"
"The U.S. Government Ought Not Sell the UnaBomber's Possessions. Same order. -While utilitarianism and the social contract are not universally accepted, they do have bearing upon the United States Constitution, while Kant's theories do not. -Framers of the Constitution acknowledge Locke as an influence. He is widely recognized as providing a large portion of the ideology on which the Constitution is based. Kant...did not. The principle of equality is one which can arise independently, without the application of the First Formulation. Was murder first viewed as evil due to the application of deontological philosophies, or more obvious, basic moral principles? Further, my main point of contention is with the Second Formulation, which certainly does not apply to U.S. legal documents, Constitution or otherwise. Social contract theory is far more applicable, as it constitutes the basis of the Constitution. -Locke and Kant are entirely incompatible. Locke's theories have a utilitarian basis. Kant's theories have a deontilogical basis. Utilitarianism and deontology are opposites (justification through ends vs. means). -We retain many of the original Constitutional principles. However, feel free to demonstrate the effect of the Second Formulation on our ""current Constitutional principles"". -Of course we are discussing the sale of items without permission. -The immorality of the Unabomber's actions justify his treatment. -Involuntary imprisonment is just, as is the sale of possessions in order to reimburse victims. The justice system, which is the acting body concerned, ought to uphold justice. -The resolution does not violate the First Amendment. The Unabomber is free to express his ideas as he wishes, this freedom is not restricted. In fact, he is free to restate the ideas detailed in his writings before the national press. The confiscation of assets, which happen to include writings, does not constitute a violation. In fact, these actions do not abridge anything, per my opponent's definition. -We are not violating freedom of speech. My opponent has dropped all points regarding his possessions as a whole, and therefore concedes these points. His only remaining case regards the First Amendment ""violation"", which I have refuted."
"Belief in the god of the bible is irrational. I luckily remembered an argument that I hadn't addressed and didn't want you posing on me in the last round. The argument goes ""All you atheists are always making us prove god exists why don't you prove he doesn't exist"" my rebuttal is that it's always the responsibility of the person saying something exists to provide evidence. I know what you said about yom and I have something to say on this. You can't just say 7 days could mean something similar to 1,700,000,000,000 days! You clearly don't have anything to certify this claim because of the way you said could and similar. I also said at the start of the debate the god of the literal interpretation of the bible. If you want yom to mean 4.5 billion years give an example where it means a period of time this immense. There is a Jewish festival named Yom Kippur meaning *day* of atonement. Also not once did Jesus actually say that he was god. Do not present more arguments in the last rounds, just respond to everything that I have said."
"April Public Forum Practice. Extending Contention 1: Unempoyment is a main problem leading to this reccesion because if people are unemployed they don't have money to spend which would stimulate the economy. As of yesterday morning a yahoo article reads that 80,000 jobs were cut and unemployment went up 5.1% If 80,000 people dont have money there is no way the economy will stimulate. Also the buisness insentives will be used for new machinery which will only cut jobs leaving more people without money I will drop my contention 2 because I do agree that it is contradictary and I would like to congradulate my oppenent on realizing that Extending 3: Inflation will occur because if 178 billion dollars goes into the economy at once that is to much money and that will cause inflation. Too much money into the economy at once causes inflation. Also the economic stimulus act of 2008 does nothing about the horrible gas prices right now. For example a bottle of coke used to cost 1$ but now that the oil prices are so high it cost more for the trucks to transport cokes so the price goes up $.30 that may not sound like alot but now less people buy coke and it does not help the economy when not as much money is going in. Thanks."
"God Exists. Rules:1. No forfeits2. Citations may be posted in comments3. No new arguments in the summary4. Maintain a civil and decorous atmosphere5. No trolling6. No ""kritiks"" of the topic (challenging assumptions in the resolution)7. For all undefined terms, individuals should use commonplace understandings that fit within the logical context of the resolution and this debate (unless otherwise specified in R1)8. Violation of any of these rules, or of the debate structure, merits a loss9. A Burden of Proof has not been assigned as this is a common point of contention, and I imagine it will be brought up some time during the debateStructure:R1. Acceptance.R2. Pro and Con present their cases.R3. Pro and Con rebut the other's case.R4. Pro and Con respond to rebuttals.R5. Pro and Con summarize their cases. No new arguments.Definitions:God - An extremely powerful, incorporeal mind that created the universe and is the source of morality."
"Abortion is Wrong. Women should have the choice of abortion no matter what. It is the woman's body and the govornment shouldn't tell her what she can and can't do. If your against abortion you shouldn't worry if other people are doing it. Its their choice, not yours. Abortion isnt murder. According to dictionary.com abortion is the ""removal of the embryo or fetus in order to end pregnancy"".it doesn't say anything about murder. Also, the fetus isn't a child. Its a group of cells and tissue. Did i also mention it doesn't even have a brain? It can also be considered a parasite since it gets all its nutrients and vitals from the host. Parasites dont always harm the host either. A fetus doesn't have any human like characteristic as i explained earlier. A woman should be able to have an abortion if she can't take care of the baby. She shouldn't have to take care of it if she doesn't want too. Having children is a big step in life. Mentally and financially. No woman should have to do that until shes ready. Even if a woman was going to give the child up for adoption she might not want to spend months being pregnant. Pregnancy takes its toll on the body and changes it forever. She might also have to work to earn money. No woman should have to be pregnant if they dont want too. My sources Dictionary.com Health class Biology class"
"Homosexual Marriage: Should it be Legalised in the UK. As somebody that isn't a fan of the idea of marriage as it is portrayed (the big wedding with lots of people and even more money), the reason that I would like to get married to show my love and commitment to another person- on the legal side of marriage, a husband/wife is trusted with their significant others life, literally- they are the person responsible for making medical decisions, they are the person that will get inherit everything in the event of death. Marrying somebody, to me, is the ultimate show of trust and the civil partnerships that are currently allowed do not allow the same responsibilities. Why, in this society where it is acceptable to be gay, should a person not be able to make the same commitment that a straight person can?"
"Free will is an illusion. One cannot control what it is that they want - they cannot dictate their own impulses and tendencies. In no way is it possible to be the author of one's own conscious desires. “How can we be “free” as conscious agents if everything that we consciously intend is caused by events in our brain that we do not intend and of which we are entirely unaware? ” - Sam Harris ""Man can do what he wills but he cannot will what he wills. "" - Arthur Schopenhauer"
Rap Battle (TV's tourney). C :Congratz on conguring that cackle you call a rhyme it's kinder level compared to me who's taking college courses nice try with the fortune and fame but I'm the one with the cabaret you're a cabin boy the caboose of every joke. Your callosity is too much even golems wouldn't care to careen inside your womb it'd be cataclysmic they would catapult out of that cave like tha calavry charging toward the enemyYou're a cheerleader probably already written a few verses nothing new nothin original yore a chigger not the chupacabra tiny and irritating you're clamorous not lyrical or genius You're cherries been popped with that fake shotgun of yours you've cocked it too much no your cherries coarseIt's not coincidental that we battled maybe you learned a thing or two here I'm the emperor not a lowly king you're condemned to failure it was inevitableThis ending was conceivable you're compulsive the conclusion to this story confines you to conditional conformity you've been confuted this ending will be consecutive nice try but I have to say contend with those in your proper grade
"InVitro Fertilization. Pro 1: InVitro Fertilization has given homosexual couples a chance to have their own children. Since they are unable to reproduce as a couple, many choose InVitro so that they are able to go through the same process of having children, just with some help from science. Without InVitro fertilization, homosexual couples never have been able to experience the beauty of pregnancy. Pro 2: Many individuals who are unmarried choose InVitro in order to have their own children. Recently, many women are putting “getting ahead” in the workforce over marriage and starting a family. This results in women being ready to have children too late and remaining unmarried. It is also very common for this to happen among men as well. Without InVitro Fertilization, these unmarried individuals would be unable to have their own children. Pro 3: InVitro allows couples who are infertile a chance to have their own child. “We had begun to lose hope – after nine IUI cycles, three miscarriages and almost four years of heartache, we were scared of failing again… I got pregnant on the first IVF cycle. Thank you for our miracles – two healthy beautiful boys.” This testimonial was given by a woman named Laura who had her treatment done at Northern California Fertility Medical Center and was successful on the first try. She had been infertile and tried Infertility Treatment (IUI) prior to InVitro 9 times. Without the process of InVitro Fertilization, she would have been unable to have children on her own. Pro 4: Sometimes there are male factor associated with not having children. There are issues such as low sperm count, where the male is unable to get the woman pregnant. InVitro helps the man by extracting his sperm and putting it inside the woman. InVitro is the same as a naturally caused pregnancy; it just helps those couples who are unable to on their own."
"homosexual behavior. To say that it does not occur in other species makes homosexuality an unnatural act. Whether it is ""wrong"" or not is another issue entirely. Slavery, race and gender issues are not modern issues and have been around forever. Women's rights since the caveman drug his mate by her hair into a cave for sex and slavery since he became dominant in his tribe. Homosexuality is a sexual perversion desired by some small segment of most every society since written history began and most of those societies have shunned the practice. Nature is not subject to change because of popular social acceptance, at least not yet. No matter how intelligent man becomes he can never separate himself from nature, can never make something man-made natural and should never think he is above the natural universe. He is so deeply bonded to the natural world that he even attempts to justify his ""invention"" by trying to find his sexual perversion in the animal world to which he belongs. The acceptance of homosexuality as natural is a result of man's arrogance of mind. Is it so surprising then that he pollutes his atmosphere, pillages the land and the oceans and yet justifies his violations? I think not."
"Donors influence judges' decisions; not issue of common philosophy. Some argue that donors are simply giving money to judges of similar judicial philosophies. Yet, some statistics demonstrate a clear tendency of judges to actively shift their positions in favor of their campaign donors. These statistics show the causality is of judges actively bending their positions in favor of their donors' positions, not simply of donors giving money to judges of a similar judicial philosophy."
"Which is a better disney movie Cinderella or Litlle Mermaid. At first , Cinderella is the story we listened while growing up. Unlike Ariel, her life was hard and lonely (with the exception of her animal friends)throughout her childhood. She was not provided with the childhood she deserved and learnt to make the best out of the difficult situations.Ariel was a rebellious teen who would not listen to her parents in order to fulfill her wishes . She forsake her voice for a stranger she thought was handsome and did not know anything else about him.However , Cinderella 's true wishes were not to find her true love but get out and liver her life without her step mother and stepsisters."
"Voter ID's. Pro's hypothetical example at the beginning of the argument is just that: hypothetical. There is no election in the United States in which 3 people will be voting, each for themselves. Pro claims that nothing is being done to protect the integrity of elections. This is untrue. One set of sweeping reforms was passed in 2002, the Help America Vote Act [1]. It was implemented in the aftermath of the disastrous election of 2000, and contains many provisions for deterring voter fraud. I will now explain why voter ID laws should not be implemented. Exhibit A: The cost. America is in a large amount of debt. Voter IDs, to remain constitutional, must remain free of charge. As well, office hours must be expanded, the states must pay the cost of obtaining supporting documents required for getting an ID, the state must educate the voters on changes to laws through lots of advertising, and the state must administer extra training to officials. [2] According to the source cited, it could cost a state millions of dollars to implement such a law. This would place a burden on states, many of which already face a budget deficit [3]. Exhibit B: The discrimination. While often dismissed, studies have shown that there is indeed a correlation between discrimination and support of voter ID laws. [4] There is a disparity between registered Hispanic voters and registered white voters in Texas, for example, that far outstrips any illegal immigration [5]. Pro stated, ""even though it may be rare voter ID's can help to deter and prevent these rare occurrences of voter fraud"". This is an explicit acknowledgement that voter fraud does not pose a serious threat in the United States any longer. Voter IDs are discriminatory and costly, and provide comparatively little stoppage to voter fraud, as I demonstrated in round 1. Pro says that investigating and prosecuting election crimes is difficult and costly, yet he provides no source, while I have clearly shown the costs that voter ID's would incur. Also, the support of the American people does not make a law right or wrong. William Penn and Saint Augustine both stated versions of the same quote: ""Right is right even if no one is doing it; wrong is wrong even if everyone is doing it."" [6] [7]. While purported to cease causing fraud, voter ID laws would do more harm than good, as I have demonstrated, and as such should not be implemented. Sources: 1. http://www.eac.gov... 2. http://www.brennancenter.org... 3. http://kff.org... 4. http://www.washingtonpost.com... 5. http://www.theatlantic.com... 6. http://www.goodreads.com... 7. http://www.ushistory.org..."
"IVF Debate. IVF is a procedure that is generally beneficial to infertile parents everywhere. The procedure does not put the development of the child at risk, nor does it endanger it with birth defects or illness. IVF is helpful to couples who have exhausted other resources, and desperately want a child. In Vitro Fertilization is very costly and doesn't always work the first time. This is not a problem because the cost proves the determination of the parents to care for the baby, and multiple eggs are always harvested so if the first attempt isn't successful there is always another chance."
Twitter is better than Facebook. Are calling the pope a liar???????!!!!!!!!!!! also i am sure that the internet has more places to play games than facebook. And you can connect with old friends on twitter and DM people for messaging friends. Also you have failed to deny that you get news faster on twitter than anywhere else which is a fact.
"Islam is not a peaceful religion. You haven't found your way out the terms i have given and you ignored them completely but this debate will amuse me so i will debate this topic. You have distorted the main meaning of Islam which is peace by nitpicking So i will do what you did but to Christianity, your religion, and pick verses about what you said were despicable such as rape, murder and other warlike crimes If your own full brother, or your son or daughter, or your beloved wife, or you intimate friend, entices you secretly to serve other gods, whom you and your fathers have not known, gods of any other nations, near at hand or far away, from one end of the earth to the other: do not yield to him or listen to him, nor look with pity upon him, to spare or shield him, but kill him. Your hand shall be the first raised to slay him; the rest of the people shall join in with you. You shall stone him to death, because he sought to lead you astray from the Lord, your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, that place of slavery. And all Israel, hearing of this, shall fear and never do such evil as this in your midst. -Deuteronomy 13:7-12 God tells to us to kill those who follow different religions. Not very tolerant? However.. ""There is no compulsion where the religion is concerned."" (Holy Quran: 2/ 256) So the Bible tells you to murder people who don't believe in God while Islam tells you not to force people to believe Rape? If a man is caught in the act of raping a young woman who is not engaged, he must pay fifty pieces of silver to her father. Then he must marry the young woman because he violated her, and he will never be allowed to divorce her.-Deuteronomy 22:28-29 Huh? I guess God doesn't care about rape victims and makes them forced to marry their rapists Warlike crimes? How about when God rips babies out of mothers wombs and dashes them to rocks in Hosea 13:16 You will say i'm taking it out of context but you are doing the same Sources in Comments"
"The Disney Resorts are better than the Universal Studios Resort. Kohaku is good, I will admit that. Universal Studios resort is better than the Disney resorts because it has been known for uses of reality shows. For an example, Donald Trump's ""The Apprentice"" was use for a task at Universal Studios at the Los Angeles area because Trump would know that Universal Studios would have more people to buy from than Disney, even though Disney had more attendance but people would go to the Universal Studio's City Walk because of better stores and more things to do than the Disney's Downtown Areas. Donald Trump knows everything and he sides with Universal Studios because he knows that Universal Studios is better than the Disney resorts. Plus the Universal Studios have better 3-D IMAX movie theme there, like the Terminator. They have live actors for the Terminator while Disney have no live actors for their 3-D IMAX movies, people likes seeing live actors for their 3-D movie theme. Plus the Terminator 3-D is considered the best 3-D IMAX movie in a theme park, much better than Disney's IMAX theaters. Since the studio area of the Universal Studio counts as a Universal Studio resort, Universal Studios actually let people into the studio area as a personal tour and walk around the studio area and touch the sets and get your germs on the set to be on TV in the future. I went to the Back to the Future set and put my bare feet on the set and many of the sets of the studio of the Universal Studio, which you are allowed to do (except inside the buildings). In Disney Hollywood in Orlando, there are no personal tours you are not allowed in the studios except for the tram tours. Universal Studios have hotels to their parks. Universal has three hotels in Orlando and the one in Los Angeles, the Hilton near the Los Angeles Universal Studios would probably counts as a hotel for Universal Studios Hollywood because you can walk to the park because there is a bridge that connects from the hotel to the park and city walk entrances. Plus parking in Universal Studios is better than Disney because park was impossible in the Disney resorts but in Universal Studio, parking is easier. Plus drop off and pick up in Universal Studio is easier than Disney, when my family needed to drop me off at Disneyland to avoid the fees of parking, there was almost no place to drop off or pick up when I am done for the moment. At Universal Studios, there is a pick up and drop off spot where family can drop off their family."
"We shouldn't eat dogs. You don't eat dogs even if they don't do anything.You haven't given me a reason why.But it has been proven that dogs always to something for there owners or for themselves.Why would I care about what a dog does for itself?There are some dogs who don't work for the force and they still always stay in the front yard and protect there owners.Again, I have addressed this. This argument does not apply to non-owners or users of dogs, and dogs that are not owned or used. You have provided no reason as to why a person should not eat non-utility or non-owned dogs, or why non-users/owners should not farm or import dogs for eating.You also haven't answered my question.I said How would you feel if you helped people all your life and then got killed and eaten? you haven't answered that.I already addressed that this is an appeal to pity, and therefore invalid. But, I'll answer the question if it satisfies you. I wouldn't feel anything, because I would be dead. While I was being killed(not after/whilst being eating) if I was kill in a manner when I was concious and/or not painless otherwise, I would probably feel surprised and in a panic. That being said, killing whilst the subject of the killing is not able to feel pain is also an option.Yes some dogs don't do that much but most dogs protect us humans.Why should we eat them? Give me one good reason why we should eat them?I have not argued that we should eat dogs. I have argued that it is permissable to eat dogs. I have also pointed out in the last round that your argument does not apply to dogs that do not perform a task or utility for humans(protection falls under this category).When people want to kill the dog they kill them in a brutal way.This is just animal cruelty.Killing and eating dogs does not imply that people must kill them in a brutal fashion. You have not provided any evidence of this.How would you feel if you had a pet and then one day you realised it was gone and eaten? That would be sad.We're not arguing about whether or not it is permissable to eat a person's pet. We're arguing about whether or not it is permissable to eat dogs. Again, as I have pointed out several times at this point, your argument fails to address why someone should not eat a dog that is not owned.I will answer your question because it seems to fustrate you when they remain unanswered, although I have already pointed out that they are irrelevant:I would feel angry and sad.You have, by and large, simply repeated your talking points."
"There is a large gap of intelligence within UK schools. As this debate continues, I have reached the conclusion that there is no great ideological difference between us - we both want kids of all abilities to have the best possible education. However, it is clear to me, at least, that educational resources should be targeted to best suit the needs of the individual pupil. Yes, I agree that there are gaps between relative intelligence, but not every child aspires to be a brain surgeon. For example. my father is a humble shipyard worker - he never earned much, but he always worked hard and is proud of what he does, and I am proud to be his son, and that's what is important. The education system should play to the students' strengths - whether that be academic or practical - after all, we can't all be rocket scientists. Thank you."
"Automotive companies in Michigan should not replace low skill laborers with automation. Although I understand your point, let's think about this. Okay, so replacing the workers would leave many unemployed. But it would make American cars cheaper. Right now the American automotive business is failing. But if American cars could be significantly cheaper than forign cars, then the economy would thrive. And when an economy thrives what happens? Unemployment goes down. So, althught some people in Michigan would lose their jobs, the rest of the nation would see a decrease in the unemployment rate."
"Illegal Immigrants are at the base of almost every major problem in America. First off, thanks for sending me this challenge. This will be interesting... Ok, so your contention is that illegals cause every major problem in America. In order to win, you must do two things: 1) outline every major problem in America and 2) prove how immigrants are responsible. If you don't do that, you don't have a debate. Period. Now, I think I will make a bold statement: It is the legals that cause problems for illegals. It is true that many immigrants have problems with gangs or drugs. But have you ever thought why they are in those kinds of situations? I think that it is the ones already here that force them to live in these conditions. For example, in Arizona, a law was just passed that put up very harsh punishments for hiring illegal immigrants. As a result, thousands, maybe millions, of immigrants have been fired from their jobs. They have no way to support themselves or their families. They now have two choices: move to another state, or resort to crime. I think that we have a moral obligation to create laws that encourage prosperity among immigrants. That way, they get what they want (work/good home) and we get what we want (labor). Yes, at the extremely superficial level, it is the immigrants that commit crimes or join gangs. But it our (for lack of a better term) ""fault"" that they have to live like that. In other words, if we would be more accepting and more immigrant-friendly, than they would not be forced to join in illicit activity in order to feed their families. Again, I'm not saying that we should just let all the borders open and let anyone who comes in become a citizen. But our laws should encourage immigration, not prohibit it. Everyone has the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. With the current legislation, we are denying immigrants their inherent rights."
"Killing animals must be illegalised. No there should not. There are some animals that act out in very wild behaviors and they are uncontrollable, so what are you going to do about it, the animal is stronger which puts them in a higher position. For example the whale that attacked its owner some months ago, that whale should be put to death no matter what, the whale was trained and still acted out and deceived its fellow fans by acting out on its trainer, therefore it should pay the consequence of being put to death"
"It waters down the meaning of ideas with emotion instead of content and limits people's vocabulary, destroys life. (This is entering the realm of the nature of reality, so prepare for some paradigm shifting turbulence) Every act has a cause. Every curse/swear has a cause and an effect. The cause and effect must be acknowledged when using these expressions. To swear is to utter obscenities, WordWeb's definition. An obscenity is offensive or indecent expression. An indecent expression does not meet the standards of what is right/good, for a reason It is wrong/bad because it both comes from (is associated with) an ill cause and causes an ill effect. The ill cause that leads to the swearing is the will to death/impotence as opposed to the will to life/power (to use partly from the philosophy of Nietzsche). Using a swear/curse word admits to a lack for a better choice of words, also a lack of meaning. Why not use a more accurate vocabulary/expression to communicate ideas? Why leave people to wonder what the meaning of your words is? Ill cause: hurt, lack of vocabulary or meaning, hate, anger, nothing good Ill effect: Expressing the causes above in not the best way, confusion, hurt, other ills."
"Women have it easier then men. I planned on presenting a point-by-point analysis of the debate. However, as none of my arguments have been refuted, a brief summary should suffice. Given Pro’s distribution of the burden of proof, he cannot win this debate. My task to “either prove men have it easier then women or both genders face equal obstacles. ” My opponent’s sole avenue of victory, then, was to prove that men, on balance, have the more difficult existence. As each of his arguments has been wholly refuted, this is no longer possible. The only remaining contentions are mine, which illustrate how the unique biological, social, and financial difficulties women face make their gender comparatively worse off in life. Of these, Pro ignored most and failed to defeat the rest. Thus, whether my arguments show the genders to be equal or women to have it worse, my burden has been met. The resolution is negated. Thanks again to Pro and all the readers. I hope you enjoyed the debate! ~ Maikuru (Con)"
"Immigration. Here are my sources to support my stances: [1] http://www.pewresearch.org... [2] https://fivethirtyeight.com... [3] https://www.reuters.com... [4] http://www.heritage.org... These sources state the facts about illegal immigration, how Donald Trump's plan to deport immigrants can help stop gangs like MS-13, and make the Border Patrol much, much stronger. There, I provided sources and explained! Next turn, con."
"Immigrant crisis in Europe. Thank you for this wonderful debate. I would just like to rebut your points before my conclusion. If the parents haven't assimilated then the kids would also become radical as stated above. This is because kids are taught by their parents and wouldn't fully understand what they were fleeing from. All they would understand is their horrible situation in their country, and become radical. As stated before, economies do not have the strength to create thousands of jobs. The population of a country is constantly cycling and those jobs that are vacated are filled by the childeren of the workers, as a new work force comes in. We know as a result of other immigration crisis that there are never enough jobs and that the economies need to be looked at. Paranoia can and will stop us from stupidly accepting all immigrants at a breakneck speed. If we move too fast we risk accepting immigrants that have problems and are undercover terrorists. To conclude these immigrants will pose a security risk, take our jobs and will grow up to be future problems. There is simple not the time nor the money to be accepting thousands of immigrants, and it is not worth the risk. Thank you for this wonderful debate."
"On the Questionably Sandwich Nature of the Hotdog. This an interesting topic and I commend you for your creativity in coming up with it. First off let us see what exactly a hotdog is: hot dog G2;h""(d) G6;d""ɡ/Submit noun 1. a frankfurter, especially one served hot in a long, soft roll and topped with various condiments. Some important things to note in this definition: First, the frankfurter or the meat is served in ""a"" soft roll, notably singular. This directly contradicts the definition of a sandwich as a sandwich consists of ""two pieces of bread"". So according to the definition that you provided, since a hot dog has only one piece of bread, it is not a sandwich. Secondly, condiments are used differently in a sandwich than how they are used with a hot dog. In a sandwich the filling, condiments, or parts other than the meat are ""between"" the breads, while in a hot dog the condiments top the hot dog. This further shows the differences between a hot dog and a sandwich."
"Flag burning amendment. Refutations; The main thing my opponent is stating is that the burning tha glad is going against freedom of speech and disecrating american virtues. My argument is that burning or desecrating a flag is an action and vandalizing, not speech, so how is that covered under the First Amendment? If making an amendement to protect the national symbol of our country ""desecrating the most fundamental of american virtues"" then how isn't burning the flag descrating Americans virtues with the utmost disrespect. We have brave soldiers fighting for our country everyday, risking their lives for all U.S citizens. They look to the flag with pride and see the flag as a symbol of their country. When people burn the flag they are disrespecting our soldiers who we should be thanking, they are disrespecting the country in which they live in. People say that its their right to burn the flag, but in no place is it written that freedom of speech includes vandalizing the american flag."
"is school truly even needed. In the past they chopped off (colors) hands off for learning how to write ,spell, and read. the change has come we are now equaled and we all have the right to have a free education. we have to take advantage to that free ticket to success in life . Is School truly even needed? Yes school is Important Third Good Marshall didn't win the case Brown vs. The Education for no reason,we don't have a choice to not attend to school in the state of Michigan even if your eight teen you have to attend , if you choose to truancy you parents will have to go to court and all type of problems and pay court cost, tax payers have to too. its not such thing that school is not a good if it wasn't everyone in the world have the free will not to attend , you have to an high school education order to work at restaurant's, big company names. you cant live in the 20th century with out knowledge of how to survive . school might not be for some people and it might be , me personally I don't like how the school system is set up but I cant complain because this school is essential to me I have to know all the subjects that had in school to remember what I have do in the real world . you cant work at jc penny's at the cash register with out the basic math skills or social skills. economics teach you what the world is really about. with out a high school education your not gone to make it in the world like how you want , you will have to depend on others and what they have just because nobody push you into pursuing your goal in life as a kid. is school truly even needed? school is the gateway to a successful and independent life. celebrities have the choice to go to school or pump up their popularity in the society , but in the long they want to start a new career they have to go get a GED and go through the school process anyways,being famous don't mean you know everything , they are just publicity stupid all for the money , money is fine to have but education is even more perfect to have , money can buy you anything but the he high school education that's the American dream, everyone dream of graduating and having a good job and big fancy house and family and a dream house. who don't have that sweet dream ? I mean if you don't you are slipping your head under water slowly to no life."
"Did God intend humans to sin. I will contend again that you will not find one hint in a single verse that God intended or created man to sin. Likewise you will not find a verse that says God created sin. So to successfully prove that God created man to sin one would have to show bible verses showing that God created man to sin. Even if God created sin it still wouldn't follow that that that would be God ultimate purpose for human kindand that's what my opponent has to prove BIBLICALLY. You may ask if God did not create sin than where did it come from? Let's first define what sin is biblically 1 John 3:4 Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law. If the Law (Exodus 20) reflects Gods true nature than The idea of God creating sin would be a contradiction to what scripture says. Did God create sin? Id advise you to read Ezekiel 28. Ezekiel 28:15 - Thou [wast] perfect in thy ways from the day that thou wast created, till iniquity was found in thee. Now this verse is pretty explicit that God created Lucifer perfect but where was sin found? In God? No but in Lucifer. John 8:44 - Ye are of [your] father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it. Lucifer is the originator of sin. Notice in Genesis 1 Adam and Eve walked and talked with God but not until they listened to satan did they sin. To Just drive home the point even more read James 1:13 Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:. So to say God created sin would be to say that light and darkness can exist at the same time which is impossible! The bible gives irrefutable evidence of this in 1 John 1:5-6 This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all. (1 John 1:5, KJV)If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth: (1 John 1:6, KJV).. So I confirm through scriptures that God did not intend man to sin, and to add on that God did not create sin."
"American Republicans Are Bigger Liars Than The Nazis. American Republicans are not simply liars; they have developed it into an art form. They frequently use a technique popularised by Hitler whereby they reverse the truth entirely and attack their opponent with it. They do this because they know that politics is a game of public opinion and not fact. One academic study reported by CNN concluded that Bush and his immediate aides publicly told 985 lies about Iraq alone in a two year period. Republicans are simply a milder version of the Nazis, except more concerned with economic gain than territorial expansion. They also know full well that 9/11 was an inside job, but have not stopped lying about it since 2001. ""Niaz Naik, a former Pakistani Foreign Secretary, was told by senior American officials in mid-July (2001) that military action against Afghanistan would go ahead by the middle of October. "" http://news.bbc.co.uk... ""This was controlled demolition. Without a doubt. A team of experts did this."" (demolitions expert Danny Jowenko upon seeing WTC 7 collapse on video) http://www.dailypaul.com... Therefore, I claim American Republicans are bigger liars than the Nazis, and if you consider the total amount of Muslims and Communists they've killed, only marginally less genocidal."
"Abortion. I think I will go about this another way, rather than responding to each of my opponent's rebuttals, I will try to address the reason why they think abortion should be illegal beyond a certain point and let my opponent's arguments stand as they are against what I brought up. My opponent admitted that, ""Although there are many negative impacts a human mother may experience, none of these (except life of the mother) can outweigh the loss of a human life. ""The parentheses is what matters for my next argument. Despite our ability to predict whether a mother would die from pregnancy, there are still hundreds of women who die every year from pregnancy, unexpectedly[1]. Since there is a chance for any mother to die from a pregnancy, they should then be allowed to terminate the pregnancy, since the fetus could potentially harm the mother's right to life, even beyond the first 6 months until we have the issues I outlined above preventing women from being able to get an abortion are addressed. Sources:[1] https://www.cdc.gov...;"
"Adding sprint to the Halo series was the right move by the developers. Well, I'm afraid I may have let you down if you where hoping to argue with a hardcore anti-sprinter. Most arguments against tend to be either simple and anti-progressive to the series. Personally, I accept that one may need to adapt and revise game-play styles as a series progresses. But I do love a good challenge. Obviously statistics don't lie, but 11% is actually fairly significant. The number I found was 11% of 19,000, which ends up being 2,090 people in the test group. Here's a mod video with download: http://www.artofclutch.com... And reinforcing my argument for a toggle setting: http://www.eurogamer.net... Also I would argue that some of the dislike toward sprint may depend on the game-play style of the operator. Perhaps a player that camps a bit more would dislike the fact that someone may run up quickly and take them out. Or the opposite may be true, that a player may be a bit too ""gung ho"" and might rush into an engagement before the shield regenerated. Either way the dynamic has changed significantly and that's what I mean by ""classical integrity"". Anytime a major change is made to a series, people are gonna be upset because it's different that the original. Also I think most of the reason sprint/no sprint is argued so much is cause it wasn't added till Halo 4. Take for example, Battlefield 1942 did not have a run or sprint button, Battlefield 2 Bad Company added a sprint or run. What I'm saying is that maybe sprint isn't all that bad, but waiting till the 4th installment may have been the real mistake."
"Video games and/or simulations are an efficient form of training and education. The Pro did not give any definition so I shall provide it. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Simulation- The act or process of pretending. http://dictionary.reference.com...+ Video game- Any of various games played using a microcomputer with a keyboard and often joysticks to manipulate changes or respond to the action or questions on the screen. http://dictionary.reference.com... Efficient- Performing or functioning in the best possible manner with the least waste of time and effort. http://dictionary.reference.com... Training- The education, instruction, or discipline of a person or thing http://dictionary.reference.com... Education- The act or process of imparting or acquiring particular knowledge or skills, as for a profession. http://dictionary.reference.com... -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I will state that the traditional way of teaching is better than Video games and simulation in the second round."
"imagination is false, and belief is imaginary. Math is absolute enough to allow for it's non-absoluteness. Besides, math needs a context, otherwise things such as a ""circle"" neer would've come into being.You don't have to imagine DDO, you have to believe it exists though. IF you chose to imagine DDO, THEN your imagination would be true, becuase it is based off of truth.You know a coffe cup is too hot to grab by observing the liquid steaming, or by feeling the radiative warmth, or by quickly touching a figer to the side to check it's temperature. And that's without any complicated machinery.I don't see the connection between a coffee cup and imagination."
"Online gambling has increased the incidence of gambling addiction. Internet gambling is in fact less dangerous than normal gambling. It is free from the pressures to gamble that casinos can create through free food and entertainment, glitzy surroundings and peer pressure. And as children can’t get credit cards, they should not be able to gamble online anyway. Stolen credit cards can be used to commit fraud in any number of ways - online gambling is not a specific problem here. It is also in the interest of internet gambling sites to run a trustworthy, responsible business. Whatever they are looking for online, internet users choose trusted brands that have been around for a while. If a gambling site acts badly, for example by changing its odds unfairly, word will soon get around and no one will want to use it."
"The legal drinking age should be lowered to 16. That is a very good point. But I believe that if a 16 year old can physically go out and get a job, legally drive, and be treated as an adult then they should be allowed to drink. If I was a 16 year old guy and I just got home from a long day at school and then work and I wanted a cold Bud Light why shouldn't I be enabled to the right? ""Dwight B. Heath knows what he is about to say will sound a little crazy to most people. When asked what the minimum legal drinking age should be in the U.S., Heath says 8, or maybe even 6. No, the Brown University anthropology professor is not advocating getting kids drunk. Instead he favors a cultural model, common in countries like France or Italy, where parents serve small amounts of wine to their children at family meals. By doing this, he says, parents educate their kids about alcohol and rob drinking of its taboo allure, which can make rebellious teenagers sneak off to basements and backwoods to binge drink far from adult supervision."" (http://www.cnn.com...) Many countries, such as Belgium, Denmark, and Germany, allow 16 year old teens to buy alcoholic beverages. If the United States were to lower their drinking age to 16 it would cut binge drinking drastically. In about 30 states in the U.S. under aged drinking is allowed if the teens are with their guardians. So over half of the states are allowing under aged drinking, but it's not legal through out the whole country."
"intelligence=see. Intelligence is defined in many ways, revolving around the idea of one's capacity for logic, abstract thought, self awareness, communication and learning. 'Past = contrast?!' that doesn't even make any sense. Please elaborate on your arguments because you're not doing very well. Not only that, but you seem to introduce new things to debates that are completely irrelevant to the moot of your debates. Do one thing for me, explain yourself on why you think the past is contrast."
"All Snails Should be Slaughtered. Snails who rebel against us can prove to a huge problem. According to the Geneva Convention, we are supposed to leave prisoners alone and respect them, etc. This is all a waste of time if you want to have a good day. Every single day snails invade and capture properties which they then use for their own devilish purposes. We must put a stop to this and there is one, very clear, way to do it. It must be made law that everyone on the planet must always carry a bazooka, so that if they ever run into Man's Most-Evil Enemy they can protect themselves."
"Mikal is the best debater ever OTHER than imabench. I argue http://www.debate.org... is the best debater ever because of his insanely low lose rate and the number of debates he has won. (0ver 160! Oh my god! And losing merely one debate, and even THAT debate has only 5 point difference...) I do not argue about imabench...the sheer number of debates he has is just...wow. So make your argument about some other debater other than imabench! (how is that guy a troll, anyways? He's just this insanely good deabter.)"
"Abortion. Having an abortion is extremely helpful when it comes to deal with population control. Everyday, there are 3988076 babies born, the earth is is all ready 5 billion people over the population limit. Abortion is used to help get the population down to the 2 billion limit. http://www.worldpopulationbalance.org... In the world 3 out of every 100 people are effected by cancer. If there are 7 million people in the world, that means the 2333333333 people are effected by cancer. Abortion can be used to cut off cancer from travelling through generations of families. http://www.cancerresearchuk.org... ( towards the bottom)"
"500 Character debate: Policy lynching in mafia games. They can avoid betraying an uninformed perspective by fabricating reads on everyone. Or by not reading the game at all. That would make it impossible to determine whether their perspective is informed or uninformed. When someone only does pro-scum things as both town and scum, you can't tell the difference between their town play and scum play. Scumhunting cannot function in those circumstances. If scum are allowed to do that, they'll never be lynched. Or their lynches will be random."
Stable nations are a greater threat to the U.S that stable nations. This resolution talks about both failed and stable. Most stable nations don't pose a threat because they are allies to use so there for they do not pose a greater threat. Failed nations do pose a greater threat to prove my point I will list some reason *failed nations cause other nations to fail * they hold high nuclear power for example Pakistan * These failed nations create conflict for the U.S because of our unfavorable so there for these failed nations are a over all problem http://en.wikipedia.org...
"It is hard to apportion blame. If we were to have an international law court set up in order for developing countries to claim compensation, who would pay the compensation? How can individual countries take the blame for certain areas of pollution? Would scientists once again have to scrabble over what sort of pollution caused the harm for which compensation is claimed for? Would we even blame individual countries or would the compensation be made out of the percentages of how much pollution each country causes. The system is far too uncertain to regulate officially. For this reason, countries should not be able to claim pollution compensation."
"Funnier Jokes Wins. I completely agree with you. A young boy and his friend are talking about ways to con people. His friend says that by saying the phrase, ""I know the whole truth."" has gotten him rich. The young boy Thinks about this and decides to check this out. He goes to his mother and says, ""I know the whole truth."" His mother responds, ""Don't tell your father."" and gives him 10 dollars. He goes to his dad and says the same thing. He responds with, ""Don't tell your mother."" and hands him 20 dollars. He decides to lengthen this and do this to the first adult he sees. He walks outside and sees the mail man. He walks up to him and says, ""I know the whole truth."" The mail man drops his bags, spreads his arms, and says, ""SON!"""
"Arguments from change for God's existence. Part 1. Hi. Like I said I am not presenting proof for my God. I am instead presenting arguments that make it more probable than improbable that a being exists and we would call that being God. If you want to get to the Christian God than one must debate the Case for Christ. I accept your skepticism but it would be nice if you defended it. My ""frustration"" is caused by a lack of debunking of my arguments and more simple babblings of man. One day I intend to debate the Ontological, Cosmological and Teleological arguments and if I do then please join me in that debate. The Cosmological and Teleological arguments are simple. At one point there was nothing of the contingent universe and then there was because the contingent universe can't create itself and is not eternal its origin lay beyond its borders. Because there is no such thing as a necessary substance a being must have created the universe. That being is called God."
"To be decided. Ok so I'll be CON. However, before I begin I would like to point out two things: 1) The burden of proof is upon PRO (my opponent) to prove that ""The US federal government should discontinue its war on drugs."" Being CON, I am advocating that the war on drugs should continue. But remember, my opponent has to prove his side of the resolution beyond a reasonable doubt. 2) Always remember, vote on the debate, not the issue. Now for my contention. Point 1: Drugs are [obviously] detrimental to the health, well-being and efficiency of society. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org... Let's take a look at the side effects of meth. They include: - fast loss of teeth - increased risk of strokes - heart damage - withdrawal syndrome from the mother to a newborn - inability to ejaculate - hygiene issues - self-destructive behavior And here are the side effects of ecstasy: Source: http://en.wikipedia.org... - hyponatremia (low blood salt levels) - hypertension - increased heart rate and blood pressure (I'm on a time crunch so I will not list them all) All these side effects range from unhealthy to deadly. Thus being detrimental to health. The U.S. should continue its war on drugs because they do more harm than good and are very, very bad for your health."
"If Uchiha Itachi were to battle Uzumaki Naruto, Uchiha Itachi would not be defeated. Hello, all. This is George Carlin Worshipper with my first debate in about half a year. Let's hope this goes well. I wish Korashk luck and hope for a good debate. As stated in the resolution, the subject of this debate will be the outcome of a theoretical battle between Uchiha Itachi and Uzumaki Naruto of the anime/manga series ""Naruto"". It is the job of the instigator, myself, to prove that Itachi would not be defeated by Naruto in this battle. The contender, Korashk, must prevent me from doing this, most likely by proving that Naruto would be victorious. The first round will only be used for specifying the terms of the battle and resolving definitions. Arguments will begin in Round 2. I would like to begin by defining a few central elements of the debate: For the purposes of this debate, Uchiha Itachi [1] will be taken from his state just before his death in Chapter 393, page 16 [2] and restored to an optimal physical condition. This means that he will be in a perfectly healthy living state, with Chakra levels restored to maximum, cured of the terminal disease he suffered from, and with his eyesight restored. He will possess all of his memories up to the point of his death. He will also be given all of his standard equipment, meaning his Akatsuki cloak, ninja tools, etc. Uzumaki Naruto will be in his state as of Chapter 499, page 16 [3]. He will no longer be in his trance. He will not have his pre-prepared Senjutsu Kage Bunshin [4] available for his use, as he has used them both and has not made any more since they were used up. I nominate that the battle take place on a beach beside a forest. If my opponent wishes to contest this battlefield, he may do so, and we will arrive on an agreement before Round 2 via Private Message. For the purposes of this debate, wikis will be treated as valid sources due to the high number of sources cited for each page and their convenience in terms of research. This decision is for the convenience of each debater. Due to the complete lack of information available on the subject, I ask that Uchiha Itachi's ""gift"" to Naruto [5] be disregarded for the purposes of this debate. This subject will take up undue amounts of time and its nature is virtually impossible to prove with the available evidence. For the purposes of the battle, the two will begin standing six yards away from each other on the beach, situated so that neither the ocean nor the forest is to either combatant's back. The two will be facing each other. I look forward to this debate and wish my opponent luck. [1] http://naruto.wikia.com... [2] http://www.onemanga.com... [3] http://www.onemanga.com... [4] http://www.onemanga.com... Pgs. 6-9 [5] http://www.onemanga.com... Information can also be found in [1] in the first paragraph of the ""Hunt for Itachi"" section."
"The Bible teaches that water baptism is for - to obtain - the remission of sins. Pro is, to put it lightly, a fool. Rather than make any attempt to respond to my interpretation of Biblical events, my opponent has capitalized on my ONE misreading of a SINGLE verse. My opponent has utterly failed to do anything resembling a debate. Quoting the Bible isn't an argument. My opponent seems to be blaming me for not quoting the Bible, in spite of the fact that no stipulation was ever made that I had to. After having reviewed several other debates instigated by my opponent, I have come to the inescapable conclusion that my opponent would rather stoop to the level of personal attacks whenever the existence of God and the truth of the Bible is called into question. My opponent shouldn't be instigating religious debates if she can't stand the thought of another person questioning her beliefs. My opponent hasn't even attempted to prove me wrong and has simply stated that I am wrong. No attempt at argumentation has been made by the pro. I will only concede the single point that I have repeatedly conceded. Her second point, first sentence, directly supports the position that I have taken, which the pro has made no effort to address at all. As for the third point, if we're going to acknowledge that maybe Paul was a real person, then see my argument. There is no reason to give any points to the pro. Everything I typed, no matter how awful, stands."
"Abortion. Women may have the right to chose wither to abort a child or not, but it is inhumane to do such a thing. Abortion promotes the idea that human life is disposable. The child that the women is trying to abort is a human and should be given the opportunity to live the life they were given. And even if she didn't want the child she should have still gave it up for adoption, I'm sure there are couple who want to adopt the child. Over all abortion is a in humane thing to do."
"There should be a Pikmin movie. Ah, MatPat. Nice to go to your channel again (I've watched this video before.). Anyways, on to my rebuttal: 1. Still a good movie. Sure a movie isn't AS GOOD as a video game, but that doesn't automatically make all video game movies terrible in general. To say any movie is bad is to say the Ratchet and Clank movie coming out in 2016 will be bad, which is wrong, looking at the trailer, which brings me to my next point. 2. Super Live Action Bros the movie. To translate, ""Live Action Movies vs an Animation"". Most video game based movies were made with real actors. Let's take, well, the Super Mario Bros movie. That was made almost entirely with real actors (mainly ""Toad"", at the beginning-ish). A live actor ""Toad"" or the Toad from the video games... video game Toad would bring back fond memories. Same with Pikmin! The movie will be animated, unlike most of the movies that were made. Then again, Pikmin wouldn't exactly be possible without making it an animation but... yeah. BoP is on Con to prove why a Pikmin movie would be (almost) as terrible as Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within, or worse."
"Laura Mallory Should Be More Offended by Twilight than Harry Potter. The religion of the author should have no bearing on whether the book should be viewed as offensive by devout Christian Laura Mallory (though it probably does). Regarding the video in which my opponent sent me, it is actually mocking the fact that the religion of the actor who played Harry Potter had any actual importance, so it does very little to help support their position. Now, Laura Mallory should be offended by the book series ""Twilight"" because it promotes to children that it is acceptable to be lustful, which is the first deadly sin. Within the first book of the series Bella (the main character) continuously and excessively makes note of the sexual attractiveness of Edward Cullen (love interest), this would constitute lust, to which Laura should be strongly opposed to."
"January First is New Years Day. Yes but that's the English-speakng part of this planet. It's not called January in other countries so how do we know they really mean January or have they added or subtracted a few days? What exactly do you mean by ""is?"" There are other solar systems with years with only one day anyway or less than one, so they have New Days Year, or no New Years Day at all, or several of them, or celebrated on some other day, or without Januaries, or where January is not the first month. Need overtime. Thanx."
"We Should All Have Rights, Ethnic or Not. 1. Murderers. Yes, Murderers do deserve rights. The should be allowed to reserve the right to a quick and speedy trial, And to help himself get out of jail, No matter what he did, He can reserve this right. Once he gets out of jail, He should be allowed to have his previous rights, Despite what he did. It's giving them a second chance. If he didn't have rights, The person wouldn't be allowed to justify themselves at all, Which isn't fair. 2. People who willingly spread HIV. People should still have right if they do that. I'm not saying it's good to do it, But you're still a person who should be able to vote, Speak publicly, Gather, And more. As I said before, He would need his rights to justify himself, It's not fair if he couldn't. 3. People who escape jail. Yes, Should still have rights as if that person were caught again he should still be able to reserve his rights, Whether or not he committed crime or not. Still. They would need rights for trial. 4. Dead people. They still deserve rights. They wouldn't really use them, But yes they do."
"Rap Battle: The Joker (Pro) vs Guido Fawkes (Con). Welcome to the (three) Lion's den Lets hurry up and get it started, then. I don't know what you thought you were doin' Makeup and guns, man, who are you foolin'? You're an Agent of Chaos and all I do is type But I got nothing to fear From Bats in the night You got to modernise, playa Your style's lookin' vintage You might be scary in the 30's but you only make me cringe. You're comin' out as scary as my VLC player. I'd ask what your great plan is, but you ain't got one! No lawman's gonna get caught out by you son I bring information out and expose the secrets within As for you? You're headin' to my recycle bin. Now excuse me while I put a real suit on Why ain't you take that smelly thing to your mom? Sh*t I could sit here all day spittin' batarang rhymes but unlike you I got places to be, and on time. So sit in the corner and play with your toys 'cuz Harley's always lookin' at me and my boys and if you gotta beat a woman to feel like a boss then sorry baby, today, you're guaranteed a loss."
"Poetry is nothing except underdeveloped fiction. The Iliad is yet another narrative poem. It's a story. It, like literature, includes the effective elements of story, character and scene. My initial argument specifically mentioned ""modern poetry"" conveying concepts in ""short"" and ""often formless"" ways, and you're countering with narrative classic poems. ///Your argument is largely an attempt to discredit poetry as an art form altogether. You argue that poetry is inferior to literature, that anyone who reads it must be lazy, and that it has no merit to the English language./// I never once said poetry was useless and certainly not ""without merit to the English language."" If the word ""underdeveloped"" strikes you as so incredibly negative, I suggest that's a personal issue uninvolved with the debate topic (zing!). But seriously, if everyone wrote stuff like Frost, Homer or Shakespeare, I would say that straight literature is underdeveloped poetic literature. As it stands, the majority of poetry, especially poetry written, say, within the last 50 years, is far too abstract in general to convey concepts as well as a narrative form. Even my favorite poem, the Desiderata, could've been enhanced if placed within a story structure. If that had happened, both would have merit. But the narrative Desiderata would be more developed, and would be capable of conveying the message in many more ways through immersion into the narrative. ///Poetry and literature are almost too dissimilar to be compared in such a manner. Each has its merits and disadvantages, and each accomplishes things that the other cannot. Poetry and literature occupy separate spheres, and thus it is inaccurate to say that poetry is a lesser-developed form of fiction./// They're not too dissimilar. They're both creative writing intended to convey concepts. If we had more than 3 rounds, I would challenge you to present me with an abstract poem and I guarantee I could turn it into a superior short story. *** Bottom line: Narrative structure is a time-worn method and proven to be an extremely effective structure to convey concepts. Anything you can say in a poem, you can fit into the structure and it would be enhanced. Just ask Homer."
"i will not break a rule. again, i am not bound by these rules, seeing as the debate clarifies only that YOU will not break a rule. Therefor it is my place to argue that you will break a rule, but am unbound by them myself. Seeing as you have not followed my three simple rules, you should automatically lose. This is your own rule, rule three. 3. A violation of a rule that is not null and void will result in the rule-breaker losing this debate. Again i would like to remind you that i am free of the rules of this debate seeing as the debate round states ""I will not break a rule"" not pertaining to the opponent as well. Therefore,by not abiding by all rules, mine and yours, you have forfeited yourself to loss. kudos -fo-shizzle0854"
"BestGore.com should be used for educational purposes in all kindergarten classes. Thank you for reading this debate. I hope you support watching bloody movies instead of bestgore.com. I mean come on, Lord of the Rings is way better. My opponent opens his round with an incredibly false statement. He says that trigonometry and torture videos are worlds apart. But torture is actually based on a lot of mathematical principles. You can't make the pain last if you're not being precise. Trigonometry is composed of mathematical principles as well. Thus, they are not ""worlds apart."" More like down the street from each other, which makes it relevant. We're talking about kindergarten? Well, that just backs up my point. We need to reinforce an artistic view of the world alongside the brutality at that age. They can learn more precise techniques when they're older. But what our culture lacks now is a sense of original creativity. If you don't get them before the age of seven, they're basically packed up and moved out of the house with their own ideas of how the world works. My opponent also claims that bestgore is more refined than sex ed. This, however, is an irrelevant argument. Sex ed was just an example. If we don't give kindergartner's something with a plot, they will be sleeping like nobody's business. My opponent's next rebuttal (about substituting horror films for bestgore) can be destroyed by my argument concerning the age we're starting. Definitely need movies at this age. Then the last rebuttal is just ridiculous (excuse my conduct). No subject will ever completely engage students, unless it's largely composed of movies. Instead of hearing the conversation, ""Yeah, we have to watch another boring video of someone getting gutted,"" you'll hear conversations more like, ""I can't wait to finish the movie in my next class! That class is the best class ever! Jonelle is a genius, and I'm so glad that she pushed for this sort of curriculum!"" I even get a shout out in the conversation. Now I believe this concludes the debate. Thank you for reading this far. I would greatly appreciate it if you voted con. Have a good day!"
"u cannot find three bible verses that contradict each other. Accepted.==Opening Case==Pro asserts in their resolution that you 'cannot' find three Bible verses that contradict each other, however in displaying Bible verses that *very* obviously do, this is easily negated. As Con I will assume that Pro is referring to the Christian Bible, so will thus use verse[s] from both testaments.To offer some *clarification* of the debate, definitions of the term 'contradict': 1. to assert the opposite of a statement or an idea put forward.2. to be contrary with; be inconsistent with. So as not to confuse any readers, I will use two verses [each] contradicting one another in a numerical order. Biblical verse: [1.] Exodus 20:13--'Thou shalt not kill.' Samual 6:19--'The people lamented because the Lord had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter.'[2.] Genesis 32:30:--'And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel; for I have seen God face-to-face, and my life is preserved.'John 1:18:--'No man hath seen God at any time.' [3.] John 5:1--'if I bear witness on myself, my witness is not true.'John 8:18--'I am the one that bear witness on myself.'[4.] Matthew 2:1--' On coming to the house, they saw the child with his mother Mary, and they bowed down and worshiped him. Then they opened their treasures and presented him with gifts of gold, frankincense and myrrh.' Luke 2:7--And she gave birth to her firstborn, a son. She wrapped him in cloths and placed him in a manger, because there was no room for them in the inn.' [5.] John 10:30-- 'I and my father are one.'John 14:20--'I go into my father, for my father is greater than I.' These are just but a few of the Biblical verses that openly contradict themselves, and of course, Pro has been shown that there exists more than three."
"Men shouldn't forbid working their wives. I agree that people in Kazakhstan are conservative with their strong traditions and surely they should follow them to keep their unique culture. However, here is a relationship between man and woman namely mutual understanding and trust between them. What is more, we all know that extra money does not come in, and by having a job a woman make contribution to a family budget. There is nothing that might offend a man, a woman just wants to support their family. It does not matter how much she can earn, the matter is that by doing it woman feel her significance, she does not fell herself as a freeloader. it is not a must for woman to work, it is her desire. And I think that husbands also should respect opinion of their wives and vice versa. There should be a harmony between marrieds."
"Black People, Indian People, Retarded People, Gay People, and Amputees Deserve to Die. Homosexuality occurred because people somehow get romantically or sexually attracted by members of the same gender. That is disgusting and totally inappropriate. Please, for goodness sake, just send all the homos, bis, trans, etc. to concentration camps and kill them. Also, what is your religion? You say you are a Catholic. I read through the Bible, and here is a verse I found: Genesis 1:31- ""Vladmir Putin looked at black people and he said, 'Go to hell you niggers.'"" No joke, black people are a violent nuisance. Black people don't know anything, except rapping and basketball. frankfurter50, let me just tell you that black people were cursed. Genesis 9:25, ""Noah said, 'Go to hell you nigger pig.'"" This shows how nobody likes black people and they are better off dead. Indians, as well as Afghans, Pakistanis, Bangladeshis, Nepalis, Sri Lankans, Maldivians, and the Bhutanians are stinky and they overpopulate the earth. All they do is worship a wooden with a million arms and burn curry as incense, which is causing global warming. Why don't they die off? Yes, they should die off. Now let's see what you have to say, amigo."
"I will not win my first debate. ""Not only does my opponent have to prove that Disney fans have a stronger tendency towards vote bombing than most"" It isn't exactly vote bombing, but if you go onto my friend DieDisneyChannel's video ""Dumbass Disney Comment's"", you will see that the fans vote bomb. Just replace vote's with comments. ""He must prove the DDO has a prevalent Disney-Fan influence."" Every Disney debate I've seen usually ends up with the Pro-Disney side winning by mile's. But I've only had an account on this website for 2 hours, so I don't actually know. P.S. This debate was made for a joke. It has no meaning, other to say I get flamed alot."
"This debate should not be extended. This debate will be simple. Simply send me a message presenting an arguable topic and asking me if I am against it, THEN accept my challenge if I reply saying ""yes."" The debate will be about whether or not the topic should be debated. VOTERS: please remember that in voting on THIS part of the debate, you are voting on whether or not the debate should be extended. Please note that if you accept my challenge, you are agreeing to a possible two-part debate, and if I win, are agreeing to debate with me about the actual topic. The second part of the debate will be about the topic itself. NOTE: while this challenge is for humorous purposes, I still actually want to debate with someone on the topic. Round one- acceptance only Rounds 2 and 3- debaters pick topics and support them."
"Being an LGBT is ok! 🏳A039;R05;🌈. Ok, I get all of your points, But none of this is about percentages, Or religion, Or anything else. It""s about love. I am actually a lesbian. I have a beautiful girlfriend who I love very much, And we""ve overcome so many obstacles as we were each other""s first same sex relationship, And I""m actually happier now. We have a three year old daughter who we both adore. I don""t see how we are doing anything wrong. As for the religion thing, I know that some religions are against same sex relationships and they are free to have that opinion. It is not racist that I support and am a lgbt. I never said there was any problems with their beliefs. I haven""t challenged any religion and I don""t intend to. No one is diagnosed with gayness. We were born that way and we can""t change that. I would like to know some of the reasons Mein Kampf thinks a man and woman should stay together. But none of those change the fact that we were born gay and we can""t change that. It""s only human. Families. My family is very happy. Sure it might be better an influence to have a female and male parent but it""s probably not great if one parent is actually gay because the marriage won""t be happy. So if someone is gay they should be free to date whoever. Another bad influence on children would be a family who did not accept any LGBTs. So yea I think I""m in the right."
"God probably doesn't exist. I'm happy with your honesty. And since you didn't add much to your previous round, I will try to do the same and keep it short. There is a serious relativism and subjectivity in regard of the real and absolute existence of the physical world that we know. We can't just claim that nothing can exists without it, without even being able to prove its own existence. Second, our understanding of our Universe and the evolution of our knowledge about it, if allows us to claim something, is that we don't know everything and even the physical laws that we are aware of, are relative and not absolute. And I'm disappointed, because you should know this better than most of the people. You have the example of how Einstein and Quantum mechanics, showed that Newton physics couldn't be applied in other contexts of our universe. I even gave you that thesis about how quantum mechanics disproves a materialistic approach to our own existence."
"Homosexuality. i dont wanna long debate like you people do on here just keep it simple ok?????!? the limit is going to be only 2000 characters cause of that cause people go overboard, 2 rounds that it!!!i am against homos because in the bible it says clearly they are not to be permitted. god is all knowing, he cant be wrong about this -- from the first sourcehomos/gays are also disproportionately pedophiles. they are so small in our population and yet they are still close to 20-30% of registered pedos -- from the second sourcegays effect the family unit,, how will we reproduce if they take over. if their agenda succeeds, america will die. period.first sourcehttp://christianity.about.com...second sourcehttp://www.frc.org...good luck opponent"
"Minecraft is better than Roblox. Minecraft doesn't lag... much. Unless you are playing it on some crappy laptop or cheap tablet, then Minecraft runs very, very well. Despite long loads for new worlds, Minecraft plays almost seamlessly. Roblox, on the other hand, has none of these qualities. Roblox's games take so long to load and glitches throughout the game are commonplace. I haven't played Roblox much, but when I do, this is my experience. Added to the better loads, Minecraft has actually awesome graphics. To top it all off, Minecraft is the top sold videogame of all time."
"Libertarianism. The most fair criteria for governance is assuming the moral validity of the non-aggression principle (NAP). It states that aggression against one's person or property is inherently immoral. As such, the only legitimate authority we have over one another is to ensure the enforcement of the NAP. This task can be accomplished through the state (government). However, abuses of government authority may result in subsequent tyranny that violates the NAP in itself, and subjects the population to things like tyranny of the majority (democracy) or even total authoritarian control (communism, fascism, etc.). The power and role of the state must be kept to a minimum as libertarianism suggests. This principle protects people's freedom and avoids institutionalized tyranny created by systems of oppressive government, that can ultimately allow those in power to abuse their authority to harm and/or control the populace. There are many reasons Con should become a Libertarian.Libertarianism protects people's individual freedom. Everyone is different and values are subjective. Libertarianism does not allow a group or individual to impose their beliefs or uphold them over another's freedom to have and express their own beliefs. The NAP is the criteria: if something does not violate another's physical person or property, it is fair game and none of anyone else's legal concern. Libertarianism is fair. It does not rely on theft (taxes) but voluntary trade. You get what you pay for or what pepole are willing to give you on their own terms.While it's true that libertarianism (capitalist economics) embraces hierarchy, the reality is that people are not equal. Everyone has different knowledge, strengths, experience, skills and personality traits that make them better or worse equipped to do certain things. Furthermore the value of our individual skills is not equal and are determined by things like supply and demand. As such, to embrace hierarchy is completely fair as it does not force everyone to accept undeserved mediocrity. It allows those who excel in certain areas to flourish and be rewarded for their choices and work ethic among other variables. Similarly, some people just have bad luck. That's unfortunate, but punishing everyone on the behalf of another's bad luck is definitely unfair. Libertarian economics reward productivity and punish inefficiency, as they support total accountability to the individual enterprise without relying on bail outs for mistakes or corrupt practices. This suggests that libertarian economics will help facilitate a productive and progressive economy. Culture thrives in rich societies where people are not distracted by worry of basic survival. The arts and certainly the sciences largely depend on successful capitalist enterprise. Libertarianism minimizes corruption. By minimizing the power and authority of those in power (government), there is more transparency and less opportunity for foul play.So, why NOT libertarinism?"
"History is a great teacher. I never said that research is not being carried out to rectify problems faced by the society, again most of it being their own making (not learning from their past mistakes). Recently, china had its map altered by including certain regions of India and Vietnam as its own. This has started a diplomatic row between the countries. Is altering the map going to gain China extra territories? What is it looking for? Another wasteful war? Why History has not taught them from their past actions?"
"Je ne vais pas me contredire (I will not contradict myself). I would first like to give credit to my opponet, he refuted many of the questions not as I had anticipated which made it difficult to point out contradictions in this debate. However, I did in the end find two contradictions. The first contradiction was the atheism/agnostic contradiction. I do apologize for jumping to the conclusion that my opponent was an atheist since he didn't believe in the supernatural. However, there is still a contradiction even if he is an agnostic. The definition of agnostic according to the merriam-webster dictionary is ""a person who holds the view that any ultimate reality (as God) is unknown and probably unknowable; broadly : one who is not committed to believing in either the existence or the nonexistence of God or a god."" However he previously stated that he didn't believe in the supernatural which hints at the fact that he is fairly sure that god doesn't exist. For example: the appropriate response of an agnostic to the supernatural question might have been ""I don't know."" In the end, there is a contradiction between the title that he assigns to his beliefs and his beliefs themselves. Secondly, the stronger contradiction that I found was the first question that he answered in round 4. It asked if I had broken any rules of the debate. He said I had broken a rule because I only had 9 questions in round 3. However, I did in fact have 10 yes/no questions that followed the rules of questioning. Look to my first sentence in round 3. That is a yes/no question is it not? So I did not in fact break the rules of the debate and he did contradict himself by answering the same question (have I broken any rules in this debate?) with two different answers."
"Consequentialism is wrong. First, let's define ""Consequentialism"". http://plato.stanford.edu... Consequentialism holds that whether an act is morally right depends only on the consequences of that act or of something related to that act, such as the motive behind the act or a general rule requiring acts of the same kind. If my opponent does not like this definition, we can go for the wikipedia one: https://en.wikipedia.org... Consequentialism is the class of normative ethical theories holding that the consequences of one's conduct are the ultimate basis for any judgment about the rightness or wrongness of that conduct. Thus, from a consequentialist standpoint, a morally right act (or omission from acting) is one that will produce a good outcome, or consequence. Now I shall proceed to explain why such a basis for morality is flawed. If I go and kill someone because my brother wants their job and they are more likely to get it than he is then I have consequentially done good for my brother. In fact, according to consequentialism, there is no such thing as a bad act because there's always a benefit to any act."
"Amanda Knox is more likely innocent than guilty. The evidence that places Amanda (AK) at the crime scene (specifically Meredith's bedroom) is the so-called double DNA knife. The Conti-Vecchiotti Report ordered by Judge Hellman introduces reasonable doubt as to the reliability of this evidence which means that AK cannot be definitively placed at the crime scene. If she was not at the crime scene during the murder, she could NOT have committed murder."
The west is insulated by distance from Daesh. Distance does not matter in today’s world. Refugees from Syria are pouring in to Greece but also enter the EU much further afield through Hungary or Italy. Ideology has its influence regardless of distance meaning resulting terrorist attacks are as likely to happen in Paris as Nicosia and are as likely to be by those who have grown up in western Europe as those arriving from Syria itself. Thinking that distance insulates us from the threat posed by Daesh is as wrong as the belief that what a state does matters only inside its borders. 
"Generally republican ideas and ideals. You haven't in my mind clarified the topic to a satisfactory extent, as republican stances upon current political issues are not anything to do with republican ideals, these are to do with how the hierarchy is laid out and how laws are passed or when, why and who gets a vote or whose votes are equal, and whose votes are worth more ... abortion, gun laws and public programs are individual proposed legislation and is nothing to do with republicanism vs tyranny. I say this as ""Republicanism is an ideology centered on citizenship in a state organized as a republic under which the people hold popular sovereignty. Many countries are ""republics"" in the sense that they are not monarchies."" and Tyranny is "" cruel and unfair treatment by people with power over others. : a government in which all power belongs to one person : the rule or authority of a tyrant."" This would make a good debate, though if you want to discus the current republican parties policies, you could open a debate with the headline of the policy, and have it's individual properties debated. though both Tyrannys and Republics may in turn introduce similar laws and enforce similar ideals, the debate would be whether power is ever held by more than one person, or if it is more self-affirming and constructive to a population to put it's faith in one man/woman, bringing a community together under one single ideal/person/tyrant rather than a group of people who may at any time change their allegiances or disseminate into civil war ... I suggest we continue this debate as tyranny vs republicanism. Or we begin a series of new debates each dealing with a single current republican party's policy ??"
"Water is bad 4 u. Do you know how many people choke on water every ten seconds? One. And that's way too many. We need to fix this. This is a serious problem that is nationally unrecognized. People need to be aware of water and its hazardous effects on the human throat. People also need to learn how to correctly swallow water. I am here to debate whether or not water should be sold in schools, sporting events, or even in grocery stores. I think we would be safer if we didn't even have oceans."
"Guns. You have shown no need for it to be a gun you use to protect yourself. In my house we have nunchucks. But if not, as most people, you can kill someone with a kitchen knife. And a gun can be used against you, easy. They just have to get to it first. If you had it locked up, you are likely to not be able to get to it in time.How about my own what if?What if someone forgets to lock their gun cabinet and their young child finds the gun, and accidentally shoots himself with it?Over 7,000 children get rushed to the ER every year because of guns."
"Pie. Nutrition Facts Serving Size 144 g Amount Per Serving Calories 272Calories from Fat 69 Total Fat 7.7g Saturated Fat 1.7g Cholesterol 2mg Sodium 222mg Total Carbohydrates 47.4g Dietary Fiber 2.0g Sugars 36.8g Protein 5.1g Vitamin A 174% "" Vitamin C 5% Calcium 14% "" Iron 8% Nutrition Grade B * Based on a 2000 calorie diet 1 regular pie crust (view) 3/4 cup sugar (view) 12 oz fat free evaporated milk (view) 15 oz pure pumpkin (view) 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves (view) 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice (view)"
"dress code. The dress code is there for a reason. A major reason that the dress code exists is so that kids who are poorer, or can't spend money on big name brands, don't feel bad about not being able to do so. Even if the children go to an expensive private school, they could be there on a scholarship and if they are unable to purchase clothing from big name brands such as Nike or Under Armour, they may feel left out because people will easily realize that they do not have as much money as everyone else. While with a dress code, all this information can be kept confidential and people will not feel bad about their money situation. Aside from that fact; if students were able to wear whatever they wanted they could wear ""distracting"" items of clothing. Such as skirts that are to short, or a shirt that exposes to much of their chest. Or they could wear simply nothing at all. Not only would that repel people from the school, but it would not be pleasant to others in the class room. It would also give the school a bad image."
"Abortion Ought To Be Illegal. -Abortion Ought To Be Illegal- The primary topic of this argument shall reside in the legality and morality of abortion as it relates to United States law. In the first round, I kindly ask for the Con to articulate his/her argument and then respond to mine.Definitions: Fetus: An unborn offspring, from the embryo stage until birth. Life: A characteristic that distinguishes objects that have signaling and self-sustaining processes from those that do not. [1] If the Con has a reasonable and logical problem with these definitions, please say so. The Argument:Primary Point: A fetus is living and human. The fetus grows, develops, responds, and maintains homeostasis. These are the primary distinctions from living organism and inanimate material. For example, from weeks 9-16, “The 4 chamber heart is finishing developing and the embryonic tail goes away. Breathing-like movement of the fetus is necessary for stimulation of lung development, rather than for obtaining oxygen” [2]. The human fetus, is well - human. Obviously it can’t be a whale fetus or a canine fetus. Living things begat after their own kind. Humans begat humans. It’s a principle of biology - it’s biogenesis [3]. This point might sound silly, even self-evident, but you will be amazed by the number of individuals that will deny it. Secondary Point: If it is accepted that a fetus is a living human being, the legal ramifications are dire. In the very same amendment that was cited as justification for the Roe v. Wade decision, i.e. the 14th Amendment, there is the Equal Protection Clause that requires each state to provide equal protection under the law to all people within its jurisdiction [4]. If fetuses are accepted as human beings, then the untold millions of babies aborted in the United States alone, were unjustly murdered [5]. An estimated 44 million induced abortions are performed each year [6]. In two years from the time this debate is finished, more fetuses will be aborted than the total death toll of WWII. The amount of deaths in numbers like these are incomprehensible to the human mind and our emotional capabilities. You don’t know if you ought to cry; respond in anger; or, like many, remain in a hazy cloud of emotional emptiness.Third Point: On the assertion that women retain the right to terminate a fetus is unjustifiable, with the exception of the endangerment of the mother’s life or other critical complications.Sources:[1] Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org...[2] Ibid.[3] Biology-online.org: “The process in which life forms arise from similar life forms.” http://www.biology-online.org...[4]Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org...[5] Cdc.gov: “Results: A total of 857,475 legal induced abortions were reported to CDC for 2000 from 49 reporting areas,” http://www.cdc.gov...[6] http://www.guttmacher.org..."
"Evolution is defensible. No, evolution needs abiogenesis, because either the first living organisms came from non-living material, or it came out of nothing - which is called creationism. Either you can prove beyond all doubt that abiogenesis is a fact, or you have to admit that there is a hole in the evolutionary theory, which means its validity can be discussed. As for your argument, you are semiright. True, Earth is an open system, and as such the Second Law of Thermodynamics does not totally forbid that reaction to happen. But what I wrote is not that such a reaction could not happen, it is that it would not happen spontaneously. To go back to the example of the water going downwards (see link), it will indeed bounce back if it hits a rock - but also, it will never go upwards if it doesn't hit a rock, no matter how much energy it receives. In living bodies, larger molecules are created all the time - but life also has specific mechanisms to ""force"" these reactions, because they would NOT happen at random"
"Hillary Clinton is honest. First, unless you can read people's minds you can't prove she was lying. The best you can do is prove she was telling a falsehood. Then, it comes down to probability if she was knew she was telling a falsehood or not. Let's look a the claims one at a time.""1. According to James Comey (FBI director), ""a total of 113 emails contained information that was classified at the time the messages were sent or received."""" jays_slayerFirst, she was sent thousands of emails. It is very possible she simply messed up and didn't notice they were classified. [0]""Let’s unpack that. Out of 110 emails that Comey testified contained classified information (which constituted only 0.2% of Hillary’s 55,000 emails), only three had any markings indicating the presence of classified material. And Comey conceded that those three were improperly marked."" [0]Out of 55,000 emails 110 emails had classified emails, of those 110, three had markings. Out of those three all three were improperly marked. [1] Was Hilary telling the truth? Almost, she missed 110 emails out of 55,000. Was she lying? Almost certainly not, this can easily be attributed to human error. Impact, Hillary made an honest mistake on .2% of emails and thus was honest, despite telling a falsehood. As for the server, as you can see she only used one server. Also note, a server can be multiple machines. Impact, Hiliary was telling the truth. Without a falsehood, my opponent cannot hope to claim she was lying. ""CLINTON: The FBI has the server that was used during the tenure of my State Department service."" [1]""3. ""as demonstrated by CBS News video that shows Clinton arriving on the tarmac under no visible duress, and greeting a child who offers her a copy of a poem."""" jays_slayerThat was just be a mess up. She was probably tired. Campaigning takes a lot of energy. Honest mistake.""""A few weeks before they left the White House, the Clinton's were able to muster a cash down payment of $855,000 and secure a $1.995 million mortgage. by 2004 Hillary was ranked the 10th wealthiest member of the senate, with a net worth between $10 million and $ 50 million"""" jays_slayerBill Clinton was president of the USA, which virtually guaranteed income the mortgage sounds correct. As for the $855,000 that was probably why they were broke. Notice the cash down payment was made before they were broke. Thus, it is reasonable to assume they were broke because of the cash down payment. Remember the president and first lady live within the White House, so they needed a place to live after leaving office. As for 2004 being 10th wealthiest member of senate, this was three years later. I ask for you not to make any new arguments in the last round, since I will not be able to respond to them. Thanks for the debate.Sources0. http://bluenationreview.com...1. https://verdict.justia.com..."
"Palestine. The issue about the settlement is not an easy one, since the Israelis feel a deep historical connection to many areas on the West Bank, and what Netanyahu has said, is that the only way for the two parties to find a lasting solution is through ""trial and error"". Source: http://www.haaretz.com...Yes, there are restrictions in place to stop Palestinian terrorists from entering Israeli cities and blowing up buses and killing civilians, and I bet every nation that had similar security issues as Israel would be reacting in a similar way. Israel was once upon a time more willing to make concessions to their enemies, but when every attempt of peace has ended in more attacks on Israel, the hawks have been put in power to ensure the citizens are safe.""Palestine"" has not been a country before in history, and Israel was founded in 1948 by the UN, so it's a bit of an overstatement to say that they did not have any right to the country."
"Sikhism is the same as Judaism:. It is as a matter of fact banned in Sikhism, Sikhs decide to ignore these verses, much like some Christians ignore verses from the Tanakh and verses in their own NonTestament, here are a few Sit Scriptures that indicate that Homosexuality is a sin: ""You are overflowing with sexual desire, and your intellect is stained with darkness; you are held in the grip of Shakti's power."" ||2|| (Bhagat Baini page 93 line 7) ""When others die, you measure your own wealth in your mind; you waste your life in the pleasures of the mouth and sexual organs"" ||3|| (Devotee Baini page 93 line 10) ""Your eyebrows are like a bow, from which the arrows of lust are coming out and striking us like the dagger"" Dasam Granth Page 703, Line 1"
"Veganism is better than eating animal products. Indeed, veganism is becoming more widespread in the world today. As much as we've all heard this so many times during our education, we really do need a balanced diet, and there is a reason why we are told that repeatedly. As the human species, we have always lived to eat different kinds of food- including animal products. This has always been the case since millions of years ago where the first human ate animal flesh, and the first fish. Of course we can also adapt to live in a vegan lifestyle, but that does not mean that it is better. The only reason that vegans are healthier is because many foods in the food industry that contain too much fat or salt/sugar are often animal products. If people actually got onto eating the proper amount of food, it will most probably mean that they will have better health than vegans."
"Pewdiepie sucks. Hey! I accept your debate. Since you haven't said something specific about the rules, I'll just dive straight in and counter your points. ""I believe that Pewdiepie sucks because one, is commentary is HORRIBLE. "" This argument is not valid because, really? You may not like his commentary, but 44 million other people do. So should PewDiePie change just to suit your needs? I don't think so. Whatever he does entertains his strong fan base of 44 million viewers or as he puts it ""bros"". 44 million+ at the time of posting this argument. Bottom line, its your opinion. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ""Two, he does a lot of games other YouTubers have already done even BETTER. "" If you would have seen his ""Draw My Life"" and other related videos, you know that Pewds does not play games like a tutorial; showing viewers exactly how to win and master a particular game. He plays games cause he enjoys them and so do his viewers. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ""Also Pewdiepie honestly only cares about the money now more than anything now. Also, like most other YouTubers, Pewdiepie did YouTube because he wanted attention, fame, and views. "" You sound suspiciously like Malcolm_1466 here, god forbid you aren't him. Anyway, you have no evidence to prove your above statement. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ""There are RARELY any youtubers that actually do YouTube just for the sake of entertaining others. It's very rare. Thus, this leads me to the conclusion that Pewdiepie sucks. "" I assume what you are implying is that most YouTubers work for money. While, that is not completely true, it is true that YouTubers need money. Professional you tubers (generally 500k subbed) have taken YouTube up as their job. And as, you yourself mentioned PewDiePie is the most subscribed channel on you tube (he has over 44 million subscribers at the time of posting). Surely, even a layman can understand that it is his job now. I believe it takes a lot of money to run an YouTube channel. You need proper cameras, lighting and other equipment. Above all, you need to be willing to spend a lot of time on your videos. I am sure that a normal gaming video of 15 minutes takes at least 1.5 hours to fully edit, you can realize what amount of effort needs to be put in. This, considering Pewds uploads a bare minimum of 1 video every day (even when on tour/ holidays). Surely, You tubers have some motivation after putting in so much effort, right? There you go. ""Money, fame and views""just like you put it. Even if you say that pewdiepie works for money, it does not explain why he sucks. In that case, every you tuber, you ever knew sucks (well most of them) . Because there are only a handful of people who are famous but haven't monetized their videos. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- So, I rest my case and affirm that PewDiePie does not suck and that he is a good Youtuber."
"Abortion is Immoral --- Tournament Debate, round 1. Resolved: Abortion is Immoral. MasterKage is Pro. He believes abortion is immoral, wrong, should not be done. He can make exceptions for rape and incest if he chooses, but the point is that abortion itself is a wrong thing, from the moment of conception. He doesn't have to argue that abortion should be illegal, but he should argue that it is immoral. Pro has the burden of proof. Wiploc is Con. His personal opinion is that abortion is good; lots of people should abort. Requiring abortions is as bad as forbidding abortions. This is a three round debate, sort of. There are four rounds, but Con initiated and won't argue in this first round. Pro will argue first, starting in this first round. In the fourth and final round, Pro will not argue. Thus, Pro will argue first, and Con will argue last. Like so, Round 1: Con does not argue; Pro's first argument. Round 2: Con's first argument; Pro's second argument. Round 3: Con's second argument; Pro's third and final argument. Round 4: Con's third and final argument. Pro does not argue. Pro is not committed to any of these terms until he accepts this debate. If he doesn't like this setup, we'll cancel and start again. 8000 characters. 72 hours. Voters should give no score for citations or sources. We can cite if we want to, but we want our own logic to carry this."
"any cause is caused by another cause. My opponent is stating that ""a first cause can not be caused by a cause that is not a cause"", but what he is failing to understand is that the first cause must have been the first, so therefore is must have just Happened..not caused by anything in particular. And again. They have not directly refuted any of my points nor stated any particular points of their own, so at this time the Opposition is currently winning this debate."
"Protecting Tibetan culture by opposing modernization is wrongheaded. ""The problem with Tibet"". The Guardian. March 6th, 2008 - ""there is the desire to save Tibet from anything that looks or smells modern: from Chinese jobs, industry, railways. Apparently such things are a threat to Tibetans' ""way of life"", which is honourably simple, rustic and rural. This paternalistic defence of ""natural"" and childlike Tibet from rampant, industrious China is perfectly captured in a Free Tibet poster."""
"A T-65 X-Wing (Star Wars) could defeat the USS Enterprise NCC 1701-D (Star Trek). Thank you Con, for a fascinating, yet unexpected counterargument.My opponent states that the X-Wing is ""only...a make"". This is simply not true. The X-Wing is extremely loved by the Star Wars fan base. It is synonymous with Star Wars itself. Ever since its debut, it has been loved as the starfighter of the rebel alliance. To call it ""only...a make"" simply does not do justice to it's influence. Just as the Star Trek fans would be angered over the defeat of the Enterprise, Star Wars fans would be rightfully outraged if the X-Wing lost. Next, my opponent claims that fan politics would allow the Enterprise to emerge victorious. Again, I strongly disagree. The Star Wars franchise is far more valuable then Star Trek. In 2007, it had brought in more then $20 billion. [1] When sold, it was purchased for slightly over $4 billion. [2] In comparison, the Star Trek franchise has grossed somewhat higher then $2 billion. [3] While certainly impressive, it is nowhere near Star Wars' level of success. In addition to that, Star Wars is much more popular among fans. In a poll conducted on IGN, 77% of the 65,000 polled selected Star Wars as the better franchise. [4] As such, any crossover would inevitably end in a Star Wars victory. They simply could not risk angering that large and lucrative of a fan base.While I find these points about hyperdrive largely irrelevant, I will refute them nevertheless. In Star Wars: A New Hope, the Millenium Falcon travels from Tantooine to Alderaan, a distance of 30,000 lightyears, in roughly 8 hours. [5] That multiplies out to 90,000 lightyears per day. However, the Millennium Falcon had a hyperdrive rating of .5. An X-Wing has twice that, with a rating of 1.0. Thus, the X-Wing could travel 180,000 lightyears per day, or 1, 260, 000 per week. The X-Wing had enough consumables to last 1 week. However, that could be extended with the addition of storage pods. [6] While not an easy task, the X-Wing could travel a distance such as that.My opponent's final points would have little impact on a battle between the craft. Once the X-Wing had located the Enterprise, it could overwhelm its shields and destroy it long before the Enterprise to flee in Warp. With the obvious technical advantage, and it's advantage in ""fan politics"" it remains obvious that the X-Wing would be the victor.[1] http://www.forbes.com...[2] http://en.m.wikipedia.org...[3] http://en.m.wikipedia.org...(film_franchise)#Box_office_performance[4] http://m.ign.com...[5] http://www.stardestroyer.net...[6] http://starwars.wikia.com..."
"Urban Living vs. Suburban Living. Alright. I would like to start off my second argument by saying thanks to my challenger for being courteous and responding quickly. Now, I would like to point our a few (if not many) inconsistencies in your argument, if I may. First off, you said, in your exact words: ""the suburbs are safer. There are more cars in the city, so there is more of a chance of an accident. In the suburbs, we actually can bike on the road with less of a chance of being smashed into by a car."" Well, actually that statement is completely untrue. According to a scientific study done by the University of Stanford, 66% percent of vehicle deaths occur on rural roads (where the suburbs are) and that non-city residents are TWICE AS LIKELY to die in a vehicle accident. Also, I would like to point out the fact that in 2013, a study by the Annals of Emergency Medicine found that the risk of DEATH from violence or accident is 20% higher in rural areas (again, where the suburbs are) than in the city. So, the city might actually be SAFER, on many levels, than the suburbs. And can I point out the fact that the city usually has public transportation, which according to the American Public Transportation Association, saved 865 MILLION HOURS in travel time and nearly 450 MILLION gallons of fuel from polluting the earth. It's cheaper to live in the city because of this: public transport is cheap, compared to filling your car up with expensive gas every few days. Also, using public transport put less Co2 in the air, slowing the affects of global warming. And now to top it off, it's actually CHEAPER to live in the city and not the suburbs! You can actually save thousands of dollars a year in some cities! A joint study conducted by Zillow and Care.com Found that: ""Living in urban Philadelphia saves a family $13,849 compared to the suburbs, and Baltimore's 'burbs are $10,790 more costly than the city. Urban living is cheaper in Cleveland ($9,034), Las Vegas ($7,318), Cincinnati ($5,514), and Denver ($3,635) as well. New York's eye-popping discrepancy can be chalked up entirely to housing costs. In fact, the study found annual childcare costs for two young children were actually lower in New York City than the suburbs ($21,568 vs. $23,253)."" Thank you for your time and patience and I am excited for your rebuttal."
"scientifically inexplicable, apparently supernatural things occur, but not to atheists. i've seen plenty of other people who define things that con has the burden of proof, pro only does by default if nothing else is defined otherwise. i'm not in the mood to find more examples, but again there are hundreds of thousands if not millions of examples. i will eventually find more just cause everyone keeps harping on it. again though, credible people don't dispute that these things apparently occur, they just have their own explanation for it. the bottomline is that con as w all past debaters, doesn't have any examples that would be called a miracle had it happened to a theist. to be more generic, he can't even find soemthing scientifically ienxplicable that appears supernatural. no one credible thinks warm fuzzies are miracles, that merely unlikely things are miracles, or just that things went in you favor etc .... these are scientifially explicable. con is just wasting time, bickering about trivial stuff, engaging in semantics etc...., as he doesn't have the evidence requested. that's the bottom line"
"green bay packers vs NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS. WHISTLE!!!!! WHISTLE!!!! WHISTLE!!! The Refs review the play. After deliberation, the touchdown is overturned! Green Bay attempts a 34-yard field goal and it""s good. Patriots ball with the lead: 7-3. You had some weak arguments (that McCarthy is now the coach and Lombardi is a great coach). I already conceded you one of those (Lombardi). Second point: The Pats where taken over in the 90s by Belichick and he had a bum of a team! They had a few solid players in LineBacker and CB; they had a veteran QB BUT he was injured early in the year! So, in comes Tom Brady, a ROOKIE. He LEADS them to "" "" not just to a playoff birth "" BUT THE SUPERBOWL WIN! And this against a ST. LOUIS team that SHOULD HAVE WON! Touchdown PATRIOTS!!! PAT is good; Pats lead 14-3 -MSP"
"Spongebob Squarepants would beat the sh*t out of Patrick Star in a boxing match. While I appreciate my opponent attempting to make a ""humorous"" argument I think he misses my humor and creativity (as he stated were requirements for the argument). I would point out that engaging in a debate about cartoons using valid scientific principles could be construed as an ironic situation. Irony can be key component of humor. Furthermore, I think the voters will agree that my ""out of the box"" are far more creative than engaging in a debate limited to the bound of ""what really happen"" on SBSP. I think it could be also view as a humorous situation when a person is upset with another person because he takes a SBSP debate ""seriously"". As I have previously stated, unless my opponent proves the intentions of the creator of the show affirm his resolution every point he makes is invalid. With that said, my opponent failed to counter any of my arguments; only attacking my arguments as ""unfunny""."
"Gun control works. I'll give a brief overview of my case. Just as my opponent has done. In round 2 I'll just do arguments and in round 3, I'll limit myself to rebuttals and offer no non rebuttals. I will try to prevent an all inclusive case in round 2, so it's strong enough to serve as it's own counter rebuttal. My case will discuss how the type of gun control my opponent is advocating is extremely unsafe. 1. It is unsafe, because it makes it easier for a tyrannical government to oppress it's people. 2. It's unsafe because there is less deterrent for crime. (All women are now unarmed and will have the word victim basically written on their forehead). 3. It's unsafe because criminals remained armed and victims are the only ones who lose tools for self defense. Criminals would still be able to create zip guns, among other things. 4. I'd also like to point out some weaknesses in attempting to enforce such a law, if space permits."
Abortion. But if she knew she couldn't handle it why would she have sex.... Exactly you have to think about your actions before you make the action. There have been over 23deaths a year from abortion and that was in 1992-1993 (abortion facts.com). I just think that if you have sex you have to deal with good old mother nature and also some people are forced to have babies because they can afford abortion it costs At least $400.00& up ( yahoo answers.com)
"All Governments are Criminal Organizations. To win this debate, I need to prove that at least 1 government is not a criminal organization, because ""ALL"" means ""everybody"" or ""everything"" - all inclusive.All Gov'ts have the potential to be criminal of course. This however doesn't make them criminal. I have committed no crimes, but I could trespass somewhere. Yet, I am not a criminal.I said Ancient Greece.A better example of a Government that is not a Criminal Organization:C1: The Principality of Sealand It has a population of: 4 peoplehttp://en.wikipedia.org...Now, criminal means that it is against the general welfare. In Sealand, 4 people (one family) rule.In 1968, Britain ruled that Sealand was a separate area that Britain cannot rule over. Sealand has not broken any UN laws or any of its own laws. Since nobody has charged Sealand's gov't, it cannot be regarded as a criminal organization (see my explanation at the beginning of this round). Therefore, I have my BoP, not you.Vote CONtra(short debate)"
"If Only Hitler Listened to His Generals...... In your closing statement you say that the Germans could have Possibly won and that victory would have been much harder on the Allies had the control of the German army gone to the generals. However according to the resolution that you posted it says that Hitler would not have lost World War 2 had the generals had control. Therefore, in your closing statement you are contradicting the resolution that you posted. In your first paragraph you state that Germans had superior flying abilities, this is not neccessarily true. The Allies had many excellent fliers as well The Angels of Annihilation, who were recurited to take down the Flying Circus, and the British Sopwith Camel to name a few. Therefore, you cannot just go out and assume that Germans had the superior flying ability when both sides had many amazing dog fighters. Also you say that Hitler was a ignorant of the weapons that he had, this may be true, but we must also look at the state that Germany was in. After the first world war, Germany was to take full blame for the war as well as cut their army down, destroy and no longer make their U-boats, and pay back all Allied countries that they hurt. This caused Germany to be in such a state of economic collapse that they would not have had the money nor resources to create such weapons that would largely affect the war, since most resources were going towards funding rebuilding Germany and paying back the other countries. You also claim that Hitler was ignorant and obessed in wiping out the Jews and others. This is not exactly correct either, due to the stirct regulations put on Germany after the war, Hitler used this to restrengthen Germany. Since the German army was cut, he had a rotation system in place, where the German army would train soldiers and then send them home. This system of rotating soldiers in the army allowed them to once again have military strength. As for the Jews and others, one of the best was to rally a nation is to have an enemy that the people of that nation can actively move against themselves. This enemy he portaryed as the Jews and Bolsheviks. As this happened it gave the German people a person whom they could blame the loss of World War One on and then use this feeling to rally the people and quickly increase the strength of the German nation. Also once again the Germans had no effect on whether or not the U. S. A. entered the War. Being as they were already working more explosive bombs, which led to the creation of the atomic bomb. It becomes obvious that the Germans would have lost the war regardless of whoever was in charge. Since when the atomic bomb was created it could have been dropped on Germany itself or more likely it would have been used to threaten the Germans to stand down."
"Should we learn a Second Language. Well to state my primary argument, although I can see the benefits of learning a secondary language, I don't think you quite understand the time and effort that goes into learning one... unfortunately, not everyone is good at it! However, under your system kids up until the end of high school, which is a significant age, will be spending their time learning a language. This is wrong on two fronts. Firstly, is it really fair to force kids whose strengths lie in other areas to do a language? I believe this is simply a vicious circle, if the child begins to fail at the language because it isn't their forte they will begin to devote more time to it so as to pass exams. This child however may have a love of Mathematics and have no plans of travelling abroad, it is fair that they have to divert THEIR time away from their true passion to seek a goal that the nation thinks is ""necessary"" or ""fun"" as you put it!? I certainly think not. Secondly, kids at the end of high school will be looking at universities and colleges that they could attend. Many of these establishments are very competitive and are looking for only the best students to study at them, even a slight slip in grades could affect a students chances at one of these places, and where you go beyond school has a large knock on effect on ones life. Therefore I feel it is not fair to make students learn a language up until the end of high school, as the negative connotations that come with it are too great for it to be justified."
"I should never lose debates as I am always right!. Hi fellow DDO members.This debate is not to be taken seriously, and is meant to poke fun at the extremely serious people on DDO. So in other words do not accept this debate if you accept a serious debate.My proposition is that I am never wrong and that anyone that votes against me is wrong. After all, I am the best debater on DDO regardless of my ELO rating or win/loss record or snarky personality.First round is for acceptance.Please note that anyone can vote on this debate, provided in their comments they say that I am the most awesome debater."
"The Legalization of Prostitution. The focus of my debate is the legality of prostitution, should government arrest and imprison pimps, prostitutes, and their clients? My stance is that no it should not and that if it does try to interfere with the industry it will result only in creating a violent black-market. Which is why I used the familiar comparison of alcohol prohibition; the alcohol industry lost its legal protection in the courts so in order to settle disputes rum-runners formed gangs and shot it out on the streets. On top of this violent gang culture that was created, Americans paid little attention to the law and kept right on drinking. The repeal of prohibition made sense, it shut down a dangerous black-market and since government was no longer ""dealing with it"" local community organizations like Alcoholics Anonymous were formed and have had far more success in reducing alcohol consumption than any use of government force ever did. Is there any solid reason to think that these same social results would not also occur for the sex industry upon the repeal of anti-prostitution laws? I do believe prostitution can be ended but it must be ended through individual choice, not government force. I agree that poverty plays a part in women choosing the industry, but that's no grounds for outlawing it completely; tackle poverty as a separate issue via shrinking government and allowing the free-market to create jobs and wealth. It is true that there are women who do not consent to prostitution, and if that occurs then that is justly punished as rape. Does it make any sense to lock women up in prison to free them from slavery? As I have stated above a competitive market of legalized prostitution would minimize sexual slavery and whatever force does occur can be reported to police and she will receive legal protections as any other person would. The laws against prostitution have backfired and actually endangered many women, their speedy repeal would protect women by shutting down a violent black-market"
"Resolved: the world is not going to end in 2012. The Mayans are a civilization, right? Of course, they believed stuff that we do not believe now. God is the only one who knows everything. Probably most people have started planning because they think that this is bogus, but people are planning for the worst things to happen. Here are the ways we could die by 2012. A. Iran, Egypt, or another country that hates us will send nuclear bombs to blow us up, and then we will send bombs up, and then we all die, and the rest of us that are living starve to death. B. The blue star that I mentioned. C. One of the new presidents (this country or not) will start an anarchy, and spread throughout the world."
"Technology will lead job growth for youths. The rate of unemployment in Sub-Saharan Africa remains above the global average, at 7.55% in 2011, with 77% of the population in vulnerable employment[1]. Economic growth has not been inclusive and jobs are scarce. In particular, rates of youth unemployment, and underemployment, remain a concern[2]. On average, the underutilisation of youths in the labour market across Sub-Saharan Africa stood at 67% in 2012 (Work4Youth, 2013). Therefore 67% of youths are either unemployed, inactive, or in irregular employment. The rate of unemployment varies geographically and across gender[3].  There remains a high percentage of youths within informal employment. Technology can introduce a new dynamic within the job market and access to safer employment.  Secure, high quality jobs, and more jobs, are essential for youths. Access to technology is the only way to meet such demands. Technology will enable youths to create new employment opportunities and markets; but also employment through managing, and selling, the technology available. [1] ILO, 2013. [2] Definitions: Unemployment is defined as the amount of people who are out of work despite being available, and seeking, work. Underemployment defines a situation whereby the productive capacity of an employed person is underutilised. Informal employment defines individuals working in waged and/or self employment informally (see further readings). [3] Work4Youth (2013) show, on average, Madagascar has the lowest rate of unemployment (2.2%) while Tanzania has the highest (42%); and the average rate of female unemployment stands higher at 25.3%, in contrast to men (20.2%)."
"The issue has no real effect over Argentine-British relations in other areas. There has never been or is there likely to be any sanctions imposed against the British by Argentina, let alone South America. Trade between the two nations is like any other outside the EU as is travel, sporting competitions and immigration issues. The British Bank HSBC has a tower in close and clear view of the Plaza de Mayo and Casa Posada government house. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Plaza_de_Mayo_0022.jpg The fact that anyone would think this issue effects any relations in any capacity with the other Latin American nations to Britain’s regret is completely without evidence and proves the sheer magnitude of the ignorance and arrogance of these people."
"The Sons of Solidarity. As the current leader and ambassador of the Leben I will argue why people should not join the Sons of Solidarity. Both of these rules are contradictory to ""All members must be of sound mind, mental illness and religious views will not be tolerated and those members will be expelled.."" ""- everyone is equal, there is no discrimination in the races or genders - to uphold free speech but not hate speech against any other races, genders"" Which shows the ableist and anti freedom of religion views of this group. Hate speech is particularly apparent in the idea of discriminating against the mentally ill. These two show a lack of respect for the idea of life itself. ""Pro Choice -For the Death Penalty"" They are against the second amendment, true freedom of speech, freedom of religion, and the right to life. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you are against the death penalty, against abortion, and against euthanasia consider the Leben. If you disagree with one of these you may still join if you debate me on the area of disagreement."
"Bryan Mullins's The Roast Game: Trump should order his Air Force to bomb and burn The Vatican. The Roast Game is pretty simple "" First ask any family member ""what is special about a holiday roast? "" The family member would have the tendency to guess assumptively ""Ham"" ""Turkey"" ""Beef"" You say ""no"" to the family member Then you ask them ""who or what do you think is special? "" The family member says ""I believe that children are special"" You respond ""So, you eat children for a Christmas roast? "" The family member would freak out at you because he knew that the family ate children and he is surprised that you knew it too. The whole point of the game is to get your point across, which is the idea that the family eats children as their Christmas roast, and you interview and prove your common knowing and realizing of the idea or tradition that families have. If they freak out, they already admitted it. The pope and all the Christians there do the same thing."
"Resolved: An ideal form of No Child Left Behind would be beneficial to the welfare of the U.S. Good luck, Johnicle, with this debate and the tournament. I'd also like to thank my opponent for a well thought out case, and hope I can answer with equally good, if not better, responses ;) With that said, I'll go ahead and refute my opponent's case. OBSERVATION: I'll go ahead and accept my opponent's definition of 'ideal'. However, ideal is a vague word because there are always at least two schools of thought on any idea. For instance, abortion. Ideally, one group of people would have it outlawed forever. On the other hand, another group of people would have to legalized forever. Ideally, who's right? We'll never know, thus while ideal is an easy word to define, it's a hard concept to grasp. Our ideas of perfection differ greatly. CONTENTION 1: I'll concede that NCLB is not ideal. CONTENTION 2: I'll concede that NCLB has good intentions as well. But, lots of things have good intentions that a lot of people would find wrong. If we want to eradicate AIDS, we could simply take everyone with the disease and isolate them, or execute them. Good intentions? Yes, we're eradicating AIDS. Good idea? No. .. as humans we find that morally repugnant and as Americans, that destroys their rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. .. CONTENTION 3: And ideal form of NCLB would NOT benefit education and overall, the welfare of the U. S. First off, we're talking about an ideal form of NCLB, and NOT an ideal education system. A) Students today are apathetic in school [1] -- Schools are competing with things like Facebook, Myspace, music, anything else on the internet, etc. Going to school, where instead of engaging, fun, educational learning is taking place, schools are stressed to make AYP on tests. This contributes to apathy even more, and a regression in society begins, where few understand the benefit of an education and even fewer choose to take it. * An ideal form of NCLB would put stress on schools because NCLB would have to prove an improvement in learning, through tests, and raising the bar would be necessary. B) NCLB tests teachers, not students. -- NCLB tests grade levels, and compares that to the grade levels of years past. This only tests the teachers ability to teach compared to the students willingness to learn. This doesn't improve America's education system. And if you want to argue that ideally we'd test the same group of kids over their education years, that's not good because it allows earlier students an easier road than those later (My class wouldn't have to reach as difficult of standards as, say, this year's kindergardeners). That's not justice, not fair, not what America is based on. I'll leave it at this, and see my opponent's counter arguments. --SOURCES-- [1] . http://www.itsyourtimes.com..."
"The obese should not get the same benefits as the disabled. Perhaps he expects us to feel sorry for him, he being the lazy, greedy, salad-dodging slob who is panting like Elton John at a boy scout meeting as he hauls his huge sweating folds of blubber across the car park to World of Iced Donuts, Greasy Burgerland, Deep Fried Seal Pups 'R' Us, or wherever? Perhaps he expects to be allowed to park right outside the shops just like the disabled person are? Perhaps he also thinks that the taxpayer should pay his rent and give him cash handouts so that he can give up working and spend more time lying on the couch stuffing his face, just like the government subsidises the disabled? And perhaps he also thinks that people using public transport should give up their seats for him just as they would for a disabled person? He probably does, because the one thing that the obese seem to have in more abundance than greed is self-pity: as far as they are concerned, the fact that they are idle gluttons has nothing to do with their weight; they kid themselves that they are big-boned / have imbalanced hormones / suffer from glandular issues / are genetically predisposed to obesity (delete as applicable) when the truth is that they simply eat too much and do too little exercise - the World Health Organisation has confirmed that obesity is entirely preventable and is solely the fault of the individual concerned. [1] Still, that hasn't stopped the obese and their sympathisers from lobbying for special privileges for idle, grossly-overweight gluttons. For example, Europe's highest court is being asked to rule that the obese should be treated the same as those unfortunate people with real disabilities. [2] It is my opinion that the obese should not be rewarded for being greedy and lazy by being given the same benefits and privileges as the disabled, especially when there are children starving in the third world because the obese have consumed far more than their fair share of the world's finite food resources. Thank you. [1] http://www.who.int... [2] http://www.bbc.co.uk..."
"BIRT minimum wage should be raised in the United States. Thank you for your reply in the comments. I hope that the quality of my argument does not diminish, but I am rushing my argument due to the fact that I only received your argument 4 hours from my deadline. My first point is that any job that requires skill does not pay their workers minimum wage. Minimum wage is for unskilled workers, who cannot conduct any other job. I do not see any reason why the change in minimum wage would come with pressure from people who work for minimum wage. I agree that robots are a reality. My argument is that it will push the development and implementation of these robots. When you force companies to make decisions, they will develop quicker and implement these robots quicker. Small businesses also cannot implement mechanical labor. They will have to layoff workers or close down their business, which will then eliminate jobs, therefore job cuts will still happen. If you read the definition of inflation and hyperinflation, you may notice that hyperinflation can be bad or horrible. The hyperinflation that was in the civil war and and the revolutionary war was horrible hyperinflation. This may not cause that level of hyperinflation but it will still cause hyperinflation. Hyperinflation in the U.S. is a certainty within the next 10 years.[1] Hyperinflation is caused by crises that make it difficult for the government to tax the population.[2] Unlike low inflation, where the process of rising prices is protracted and not generally noticeable except by studying past market prices, hyperinflation sees a rapid and continuing increase in nominal prices and in the supply of money, and the nominal cost of goods.[3] The raising of the minimum wage would force layoffs and create inflation in the prices and the currency cost, so it will cause hyperinflation. This is why raising the minimum wage will cause hyperinflation, and through that, is why raising the minimum wage is bad for the economy and must not happen. Sources Http://www.forbes.com... https://en.wikipedia.org... http://www.forbes.com..."
"Capital Punishment. If we were to accept the argument of an 'eye for an eye' in everyday society then there would be no end to the amount of killing and crime, if we say that it is acceptable for the government to work by this principle, but it is not okay for it to happen in everyday society then the government is acting hypercritically. It should not be acceptable for the leaders of our nations to work in this way, it sets a terrible example for the population, ultimately creating a brutalised society. Furthermore, the use of capital punishment should in no way be what other countries take from the US, the state killing criminals and potentially innocent people is such a negative thing, surely, there are more positive, inspiring things that can be taken from the way the US works?"
"Dance (Ballet) is a sport. SO your argument is based around this statement. ""Because sports and ballet have similarities, ballet should be considered a sport."" This kind of reasoning has problems. It is like saying, since apples and potatoes are alike and have similarities they should both be considered fruits. As you can see this presents a problem. I will now provide definitions since I did not see any posted. Dance: to perform (a particular type of dance) http://www.merriam-webster.com... Ballet: an artistic dance form performed to music using precise and highly formalized set steps and gestures. https://www.google.ca... Sport: an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment. https://www.google.ca... Now that we have our definitions let us go to work. The definition of sport says a sport involves physical exertion, (by that alone a whole world of activities can be considered sports) Skill, (Another world of activities) which a team or individual compete agaanst one another for entertainment. If this debate centered around competitive dancing this debate would have been more appropriate and you would have had a higher chance of wining. However by definition ballet is an art. I sing a lot for competition . It requires skill and exertion at times. However it is an art. Not a sport. Dancing falls in the art category by definition. Art:the various branches of creative activity, such as painting, music, literature, and dance. https://www.google.ca... Therefore dancing is a art. The same as singing, painting and sculpturing. I await your rebuttal."
"Sex before is marriage is okay. I believe that sex before marriage is not okay. The bible tells us that such acts are not appropriate to engage in. Sex is a very important act. It is the creator of life. If we act like it some normal everyday activity, it will fall out of control. In the United States, how many teens would get pregnant if sex before marriage never happened? Maybe 1% of how many get pregnant now. Also, abstinence until marriage would result in very little abortions and unwanted pregnancies. Like to see what others think on this."
"Communism. 'Sorry I was gone, but communism will never work it has failed every time it has been used. Which proves it will never be truly successful. 'This is the most naive statement I have ever heard. Communism has by no means failed every time is has been used. On the contrary, communism (by modern standards) has never once been used. The USSR wasn't communist, it was a socialist state giving the false promise of communism down the road. China isn't communist, and they are only socialist in name. North Korea, Cuba, Vietnam, Laos, the list goes on. All of these countries are NOT communist. If you read the definition that I provided, then you could have concluded that their were practicing various systems of Marxist-Leninism, but failed to get past the first stage of the system, that being a socialist state. State Atrophy never occurred, thereby never creating a classless, stateless, moneyless society, that being a communist society. Since i'm unimpressed by your final argument, I will go back to your opening argument. 'You may want to be a poet or a painter, but these jobs certainly don""t pay the bills""and""Communism""views them as unnecessary and ridiculous. All that matters is building a super-powerful nation""'This is possibly the most ignorant argument I have ever heard, one you copied of your source aswell. If anything, communism as described by Marx and Kropotkin is DESIGNED to help the writer, the painter, the poet and the playwright, the artist and the critic. Communism emphasizes that these people are having to take jobs that disinterest them, which is an astounding tragedy in this post-industrialist world. If anything, these people shouldn't have to get jobs that apply a trade that disinterests them. All in a melancholy effort to conquer bread. The writer shouldn't have to be reduced to the options of becoming a lawyer, businessman, etc. or having to sell his talent to manufacture sappy greeting cards and pathetic slogans. They should be free to use culture as the catalyst of their designs, without having to fear starvation and exploitation. Capitalism and fascism are the killers of culture, not communism."
"Gift economy. === INTRODUCTION === Well, I was a bit confused about how this debate is going to be done or what the point of it actually is. The forums are for casual conversation, not the debates. Here's what I'm going to do: The title of the debate is ""Gift economy"" so I am going to argue in favor of a gift-economy. However, Rockylighting has not explicitly expressed his opposition to a gift-economy so I think it's more proper to call his stance agnostic. As such, he has no burden of proof and does in no way need to disprove nor refute a gift-economy in-order to win. Again, the way this is set up; I am PRO and Rockylightining is Neutral. Competition is almost removed from the debate between the two of us. This means I have the all the burden in this debate to show how a gift-economy could feasibly work. If I fail to make a plausible case for a gift-economy then Rockylighting is the default winner. The way in which I need to make my case is to answer all of Rockylighting's questions, as well as throwing in any other commentary that I may wish to add. These questions may involve how I personally wish to institute a gift-economy. === DEFINITION === Gift-economy: A money-less economy which is in contrast to a bartering system. One in which the acquiring of commodities or the using of services does not necessarily depend on simply a back-and-forth exchange between two individuals. Rather, it relies upon an agreement for everyone involved to receive what they want, to an extent, so long as they are putting service of some kind into the system in return. In other words, you may walk into a ""shop"" and take what you need so long as you have a job yourself which is of service to others and so long as you do not abuse the system, which would result in penalties. ------ Looking forward to this debate. Many thanks to the Instigator."
"Nothing is certain. Pro has ignored my argument and focused on his own definition. If my life were a dream, it would make not the slightest iota of difference, because I was not referring to my own experiences being objectively real themselves, but to something having objective reality. (Note that the definition I gave made no mention of the property of identity.)""This entire dimension is vastly different and he is concieved as a different form of energy and matter. Does that mean that he, the person he currently is, ever 'existed' according to that definition?""If I woke up in such a universe as you described, there would still have been reality. It would have to exist for any 'dream' to have occurred in the first place. From this we can infer that something indeed exists, but not necessarily what we percieve to be real. Your argument only makes sense if reality is defined as 'a series of phenomenological events which humans have experienced,' which is the definition you conceded in your last argument. ""Taking this line of argument further, let us also postulate that the entire world was the dream of some god (as some religions do advocate). Therefore, no objective reality would exist, and you would not exist, and you would be as far from the dreamer as a gnat would be to you.""That god would still exist.I have proven that it is certain that something exists. The resolution is negated."
"God doesn't exist. One hole in the ozone means that it is possible... you think it can't happen again? You think that this is an isolated incident? Oh, and by the way, I'd look up the definition of ""specs"" if I were you. And yes, the creation of the universe would have been an EXTREME co-incidence, but who knows how long it took for that to happen. The chance of the watch forming perfectly gets a little higher every time you lift the table. Okay, don't ask questions that you can't answer either. What proof do you have that God exists? Scientists didn't rationalise the existence of everything that exists today based on some out-there theory of the big bang... they looked at the world and put made everything fit. But I'll give you a small answer to the question you asked: what about fossils? And erosion? What about cave paintings? God just put them there because he wants to screw with us? Your fourth argument is the one that makes me the angriest. Do you think they made that decision? Do you think they wanted to die? Who are you to say that? Who are you to say that 1.5 million children tortured to death in the holocaust is a positive thing? Lucky them. I think, to be honest, that they would want to stay here on planet earth for a while before dying, don't you? And what if you're wrong? What if this is all we have? Why aren't you kicking back in heaven if it is so much better than here? So great. Those children didn't care if he was real or not... I think they just wanted a future."
"Donald Trump should be the next US president. I believe Donald Trump could and should be the next president of The United States of America because of his devout Conservative/Libertarian Views (Personal & Economic Freedom whilst Conserving The American Status Quo) issues, his political incorrectness, unique opinions, cocky attitude and way of defying what the people want. But of course, I don't agree with all things Trump has said and claims he will do."
"Predators is the best sequel film in the Predator franchise so far. Personally, i think the Predator sequels could not have been worse.The first Predator strarring Arnold Schwarzenegger was the best,it had a good storyline and a raw feeling which in todays cinemas is kind of rare.These days it more of animation and graphics throughout the movie.That movie had a sense of roughness in characters and scenes that atleast that time when i was a kid made my hair stand upright The Sequels on the other hand are really badly made.I think Alien Vs Pradators could have been good but the plot was kind of umm(sorry i ve to compromise the euphemism..)""stupid""."
"The FCC should add warning labels to news programs. The FDA puts labels on food to let you know about their content The MPAA rates movies to let you know about their content The FCC puts labels on late night tv programs to let you know about its content So why not let the FCC assign warning labels to news programs? These warning labels would assign grades to tv programs on an ABCDF scale would assing grades to tv news programs based on the following criteria: - How truthful the news programs are - How biased the news programs are - How competent news programs are at reporting news in a professional manner - Whether or not news programs try to 'sensationalize' news The grade that a news program would receive would then be displayed at all times on the screen (likely in one of the corners of the tv screen) to inform viewers who are regular watchers of a program or just come across the program flipping through tv channels whether or not the news outlet they are watching is reliable, credible, and overall trustworthy. I will debate in favor of this idea, con will debate against this idea."
"Should studens in the united states be forced to stand up and say the pledge of allegiance. why would you not want to pledge to the united states? What are the reasons someone would not want to pledge to the united states? Because they are too lazy to stand up and say, I pledge allegiance to the flag, of the united states of America, and to the republic, for which it stands, one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. It is a sign of respect, and you need to have respect, no matter what the situation. If President Obama walks in, and you don't like him, you wouldn't start booing him, because it is disrespectful. That is the same concept as the flag. America is the best county, because we have FREEDOM. shouldn't we owe it to America and just say the pledge? Here in Texas, we say the pledge of allegiance AND the Texas pledge every day at school, and no one whines about it. Its just something that you do. Thank you"
"Atheist and Satanist are Actually On The Same Side Working Together. Atheist declare there is NO GOD, and we evolved over a long period of time. Why is Atheist a new idea in relationship to mankind! Atheist have just lately advocated for their own monument. I say that is copycat, and wanting to be like God who put churches everywhere! So are Atheist actually serving Satan just like the Christian Church? If Atheist were correct why is there so many Temples to gods? Why is Atheist the last religion/practice/belief to finally get it together and organize themselves? And just coping religions who think they are serving God? https://www.google.com... https://www.google.com... https://www.google.com..."
"Mrs. Munger should not be a teacher nor an IB level teacher. I disagree fully with the measly survey you conducted. I hardly believe that 8/10 students is a significant sample size of the sheer amount of people in IB English II. Saying 8/10 people believe one thing out of the at least 90 in her classes total, is like saying that 9/10 people support gay rights, while only conducting the survey within a gay rights activist committee. When you stated that students are not asking for easy 100s, but are asking for good grades, that statement is completely subjective. What is a good grade to you might not be the same for others in Munger's classes or Munger herself. The grades she gives, in her mind and probably some of the students's minds, are fair and a complete representation of the student's effort and work. This definition of subjective brings to question your entire argument as you state in your last sentence, that she has ""harsh grading, [and] low satisfaction among students"" . This is entirely subjective, and only reflects the vision that you wish to create. Take off the binoculars and focus on the bigger picture, the one which paints the entire story."
"Animals are inferior to humans. ""I will now use this round to address and deconstruct Pro's points, as he directs his arguments towards me."" Con I'm directed my arguments at your argument. Noting that you relied heavily if not entirely on science. I don't know about everyone else, but I'm sick of everything being explained in terms of science. Its not the end all be all. There is so much science has not explained. In fact, I'm pretty sure its scientifically proven that the sum of all human ignorance is greater than the sum of all human knowledge. How far have we delved into the Earth? How close have we gotten to the center? Have we really explored the bottom of the ocean? We haven't even managed to colonize the moon nor mars. We cannot know the future, so therefore one possible future would be one where we never colonize another planet. That we are stuck on Earth. Next Con goes into attacking the webpage I linked to. I've noticed this on other places on the internet. Although you are exceeding in destroying the credibility of the webpage, I don't see much attack on my argument itself. Furthermore, for a long time we did not recognize the animal kingdom. Some of our terminology still has some catching up to do. Yet, we may scientifically find in the future that humans do not belong to the animal kingdom. Humans are the only species with space flight. Even as I type this its possible aliens see us a completely different kingdom than animals. Maybe a new tool would illuminate the difference. I refute that humans are animals. Thus the notion that we can't be superior to ourselves based on animals not being able to superior to their-selves. Humans are superior to animals because we invented cat wigs."
"Social Media IS IMPORTANT. Social Media has saved millions of lives. March 2009, an avalanche separated 2 people from their group during a mountain climb. Using google maps, Twitter, and Facebook, they were able to communicate to the lost hiker and they rescued her. (The other person fell down the mountain and the body wasn""t found.) But not only individuals were being rescued. Augest 2016, TEN THOUSAND ex-workers were starving to death. A single photograph brought them to the attention of the government. They got rescued by the government, and there was no casualties! I""m sorry this is short, but it is all true, and I hope I have opened your eyes."
"The atonement of sins is an immoral and illogical doctrine. My opponent fails to fully comprehend the gospel of Jesus Christ. ""But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us."" Romans 5:8 ""All people have sinned against God. But, God is infinitely holy and righteous. He must punish the sinner, the Law- breaker. If He didn't, then His law is not Law for there is no law that is a law without a punishment. The punishment for breaking the Law is death, separation from God. Therefore, we sinners need a way to escape the righteous judgment of God. Since we are stained by sin and cannot keep the Law of God, then the only one who could do what we cannot is God Himself. That is why Jesus is God in flesh. He is both divine and human. He was made under the Law (Gal. 4:4) and He fulfilled it perfectly. Therefore, His sacrifice to God the Father on our behalf is of infinite value and is sufficient to cleanse all people from their sins and undo the offense to God."" http://carm.org... Therefore, salvation is by grace through faith since it was not by our keeping the Law, but by Jesus, God in flesh, who fulfilled the Law and died in our place. Ephesians 2:8-9 ""For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast."" This is why the gospel of Jesus is the most astounding event of human history and utterly defies our initial conceptions of what is logical and necessary."
"An Australian republic could accommodate states that remain monarchies. Senator Alan Eggleston. ""The Republic: an idea that has reached its time"". Address to the John Stuart Mill Society. September 22nd, 1997 - ""What about the Australian States? If the Commonwealth became a Republic it wouldn't matter in the interim if the States wanted to remain monarchies. This is the view of Professor George Winterton. The Federal Republican Constitution could accommodate the status of both monarchal and Republican states. In due course, I believe that the States would adopt a Republican mode."""
"Gay Marriage should be legal in all States. Do all 50 states really NEED to legalise gay marriage? I say no. I say no for several reasons. 1) Marriage, as defined not only by ancient text, but by most societies, is one man and one woman. We cannot rewright the definition of a word to fit our agenda or ideals.2) A species needs to procreate in order to survive as a society. If they don't, the species eventually dies.3) It is not the government's business what couples do in their homes or who they prefer to have sex with. Therefore, it is not right for the government to decide who gets married or who does not. Legalizing gay marriage is not the government's job.4) Marriage is a privilage, not a right. We do have a right to happiness, but marriage does not fall under that right. There is no gaurantee that one will be happy in their marriage.5) Children need to be raised by a mother and a father. Depriving them of one or the other is wrong. It has been proven that children need both sexes as parents. Not that a gay couple can't raise a child, but studies have been done and they show that it is healthier for a child to be raised by a mother and a father. http://community.seattletimes.nwsource.com...;I believe if we allow gay marriage, our society and country will eventually die. Since homosexuals cannot reproduce and there must be an adequate amount of procreation within a society to survive, I do not believe gay marriage should be legal.My opponent says religion has no say whether two people can be married. I say it most certainly does have a say. Most marriages are performed in a church. And even more are performed by a pastor, priest, or rabbi. To say that religions have no say in the matter is false. Leaders of most religions will choose to marry a couple or not marry them, based on their convictions. And if they feel a couple should not be married, they won't marry them.A government should have no power to force a marriage. It is not the government's job to do so."
"The Personal God Does Not Exist. Pro: Note:My opponent has disregarded the debate structure even though he accepted this debate. I am referring to how in Round 2 he offered rebuttals rwhen he supposed to be presenting only an opening argument. This should result in the loss of his conduct points.I want to point out that, in Round 1, Pro stated ""The burden of proof is on my side to show that the personal god does not exist.As the burden of proof is on my opponent, all that is necessary for me in this debate is to refute every argument that he presents. If the burden of proof was shared, then we would open with our own arguments. As Pro stated that he alone wanted the BoP, then he cannot argue that I should lose conduct points for opening with refutations. My opening arguments would be refutations when the BoP is on him. Please acknowledge this when voting. Exodus Event/ MonotheismIt would not matter when the Exodus event occured. The Jews practices monotheism long before Moses, so this argument is irrelevant. There is evidence that Monotheism has been practices since the beginning of time. The Bible records the history. Now, my opponent and I can argue the historical accuracy of the Bible if he would like, but we have the genealogical records in the Bible. He can only cast down on this written record, not disrpove it.MiraclesMy opponent attempts to reduce miracles to ignorant people that only use miracles because of tawdry behavior. He completely missed my argument.Doctors are professionals in the medical field. They understand human biology. They understand science. They do not claim miracles because of ignorance on medical matters. They testify that miracles exist because they see things happen that go against the natural methods of human biology. This is not an argument from ignorance- it's an argument against contradiction, that is, because it is going against nature, it must be supernatural. When there are only two options, and we cut out one option, then the other must be true. If my opponent wants to refute this, he must supply another option (besides ignorance, as I have already refuted that claim).Jesus Proves a personal GodMy opponent argues that even if Jesus was resurrected, this does not prove that God is personal. My opponent has never defined what he means by personal. I don't want to turn this into a semantics debate, though. So i'll offer this: The Scriptures paint the God of Christianity as a God who interacts with humanity through means of angels, dreams, miracles, and prophets. This is the God of Christianity, and the personal God is one who interacts and cares about each person. My opponent is using semantics to refute his personal description of the Christian God. If Christ was resurrected, then His words ring true, and the personal God Yahweh does exist. My opponent offered no rebuttals towards the argument for Christ's resurrection."
"Execution. I think execution can't be justified. How will executing someone solve any problems? Even if it does end a criminal(s) life, It won't make the world better. Give the criminal a life time sentence, So he can actually reflect on himself, And feel bad. Killing the criminal, Will not make the victim feel better. The criminal has already done the crime. According to a February 2015 study by the Brennan Center for Justicce: ""Empirically, Capital punishment is too infrequent to have a measureable effect on the crime drop. Criminologically, The existence and use of the death penalty may not even create the deterrent effect on potential offenders that lawmakers hoped when enacting such laws. "" Which basically means that the death sentence is too infrequent to impact the world. If it's not helping, Why should we use it? Also, According to the world renowned Washington Post, There""s still no evidence that executions deter criminals. So, Execution does not deter criminals, And does not make the criminal rate decline. It's useless, And damaging to the person who's being executed's family."
"Everyone Lies. Definition: to create a false or misleading impressionhttp://www.merriam-webster.com...The person doesn't need to talk... Personal Connection:In my school we have a ""brain-dead"" student. She is lead everyhere usually by a wheelchair. Occasionaly she would look like she is walking to where she needs to be; but then she would turn around and walk the other way. This is false or misleading impression.Plus, we don't know what happens in a ""brain-dead"" person. For all we know they could be lying to someone in their dreams! My case stands..."
"any equation can never end on 0 unless its false. ""information is anti matter, 0, and everything is something, and something is 1"" just because something exist does it not mean that it's value is -1. Anti-Matter is the complete opposite of Matter (that's why it's called ANTI-Matter), which is 1 * -1 = -1. I think you didn't get the point with equations. An equation points out which values do equal, IN THAT EQUATION. So if you have an apple and add another, you have 2 apples. Period. What happens outside of the equation is that another one loses an apple. That, however, does not change the first equation. So 1+1 is still 2, no matter what happens outside of that equation. The same goes with subtraction. If you have an apple and completely destroy it, it is no longer an apple. so you have -1 apples. And since you had an apple before, the equation is 1-1 which is 0 apples. ""matter can only transform, creation and destruction are impossible in reality"" that is actually not true. matter and anti-matter do not transform into another form of matter, they just pop out of existence. The same goes for radioactive decay. A radioactive atom does decay, and when it does, it is no longer an atom and therefore 1 atom before and no atom afterwards, which is 0 atoms."
"batman is better than sailor venus. Thank you. Contention One: Sailor V's seductive charm Sailor Venus is a very sexy character with a very seductive outfit. She herself is named after the Roman godess of love and beauty. Her power element is love. She could simply cast her Venus love-me-chain attack and Batman would be to stunned and overwhelmed by attraction to attack her. Contention 2: Sailor V is Japanese The Japanese have a better developed education system than Americans, and Batman is American. Sailor Venus is therefor more experienced in art, science, music, and math. While it is true that Batman is older, thus he should be wiser, this is not true as he is a man and thinks with his hormones which brings me to my next point Contention 3: Batman is suseptable to pedaphilia Sailor V is 14 and since Batman thinks mainly with his male instinct and testosterone, he would be atracted to her, making him a pedaphile. Contention 4: Sailor V is younger than Batman Batman will die long before Sailor Venus because he is far older than Sailor V Contention 5: Sailor Venus has more friends Sailor V has at least nine very close, very loyal friends that help her save the universe. Batman is a bit of a ""loner boner"". Contention 6: Sailor V saves more people Sailor Venus saves the whole Universe. Batman merely saves Gothum City Contention 7: Mental health of actors Heath Ledger played the Joker in The Dark Night, the most recent Batman movie. Playing the part gave him severe nightmares. People believe this is part of the reason he mixed meds and died. Thank you! =3"
"Minimum Wage. First, lets consider what the minimum wage is intended to do. It is intended to prevent bussineses from ""exploiting"" workers. If we don't have it, workers will be paid next to nothing. This is simply not true. Very few workers even work the minimum wage, this is because the more they work, the more value they gain and there wages will rise. People have a choice of were to work, if they want a very low paying job, its because they feel its the best choice. Also, if bussinesses start paying people barely anything, people won't work there. Bussinesses will try to offer the best wages possible to compete for workers. They will also raise the wages of current workers or those workers will find higher paying jobs. The minimum wage harms people in areas where their is high enemployment and the ecomy is bad because bussinisses cant pay minimum wage. In areas of high enemployment people are desprete for work and will work for far less then the minimum wage. The minumum wage keeps them out of the workforce. If you don't have a skill that is worth the minumum wage you are also shut out of the economy, no one will pay you the minimum wage if you are an unskilled labor who isn't producing enough. It stops bussinisses from expanding and hiring others because they must pay minimum wage. In general it is governments attempt to fix what the free market does fine."
"Russia has right to Crimea. A few things here ... You speak of the west not coming to aid and help liberate? where was Ukraine when we were looking for allies to liberate other oppressed nations like the ones in the middle east? They were backing euro and Russian opinions about us being a tyrannical police state that can't keep to themselves. Then events like this happen and, after being bashed for operating outside our own nation too much, our people change their minds on how they view freedom and whether or not we should even aid countries like you. It was your criticisms and those of other nations that keep us from intervening. Everyone's scared to do anything but sanction over here now, and you're partially to blame."
"Species Are Evidence for Intelligent Design Science, Not for evo THEORY. Someone wrote: ""I'd first note that as the instigator of this debate, it's on Pro to demonstrate further evidence in support of his resolution and show it to be correct."" In actual debate, burden of proof is equally on both sides. You're probably not used to actual debate, though, so I'll forgive your ignorance. ""...and all cells originate from pre-existing chemical processes...."" No they don't, but you offered no evidence for your above-stated personal belief anyway, so again, I forgive your ignorance. No evidence for your side = good news for my side. Your position on this subject is 100% your own personal faith-based religion, but is not observable science. You provided exactly zero evidence for your side, so you lost the debate: Thanks for your time! =)"
"From the Side of Atheism. 1) You never showed how the ontological argument is a play on words. 2)"" Yet in knowing psychology, considering he made it, he would have known telling them to not do something would make them want to do it more."" Indeed, where do you see a problem ? 3)"" And there is in fact a quote from the bible stating god as a warrior and other quotes stating god as a peace-monger"" Indeed, he is both. However you said that he's only a warrior""Instead of seeing a god that is peaceful, I instead see a god that is ""a warrior"". 4)""Third of all, I was not describing most of the bible but the beginning of genesis. He basically made the Earth solid in one day."" This depends on your interpretation. http://www.nwcreation.net... http://www.theisticevolution.org..."
"The American Jobs Act Encourages Risk Without Infrastructure or Results in Inaction By. Whilst the jobs act does not fully cover infrastructure, more acts can be drafted in order to deal with this problem. Further, the financial sector is likely to now be significantly more wary of the problems that initially caused the recession. This is because the collapse of Lehman and the Sub Prime crisis as well as the following recession significantly hurt their businesses. As such, especially so soon after the global banking crisis, such companies are going to be more careful about taking unnecessary risks. Whilst this attitude might decay over time, by the time it has decayed enough that action must be taken, it is likely that America will be out of recession. Further, it is believed that right now, the general health of the corporate sector is sound. This means that whilst there is the possibility that businesses will opt not to use tax breaks to increase wages and pay debt, it is fairly unlikely. Even if another recession hits, the current strength of the corporate sector is such that it is likely to be able to weather the storm and as such, CEOs are likely to wish to spend windfall that they do get in order to get ahead of the competition for the next boom phase.9"
"Should school chairs be comfier. I do agree that it would be more costly, but it is better for the human body. If you sit on a hard chair for too long your spine can be injured. You know how grandmas sometimes lecture you on posture. That's because it is important. If you are sitting on a hard chair your spine can be damaged. Also its harder for kids to be comfortable in hard chairs. That being said if they had softer chairs they would be moving around less and be paying attention more. To be honest I think that schools worry way too much on the little things but are too caught up on stuff like weather kids are using the right pencil on tests and don't do stuff about the big things like fights and bullies or the way that students learn"
"babies are born agonistic, not atheist. This should be pretty easy though, since the definitions are pretty clear. An agnostic holds the belief that nothing is known or can be known about the existence of god. Babies hold no opinions at all on matters such as this, and it is clear that they lack a belief in this area. Babies are incapable of reaching a conclusion to support a belief like this, and are incapable of being agnostic, since it requires the belief of something. Babies cannot believe something this complex at birth. The lack of belief is natural to babies. At birth we don't come out believing in god, certain political ideals, or different economic policies. Babies fit the definition of Atheist. I'll now address my opponent's points:""the definitions prove my point. the second defintionshows that the agnostic doesn't have faith or disbelief in God. babies don't either, nor as tehy grow into awareness. ""Actually agnostics believe that nothing can be known about the existence of god. Since babies are incapable of such a belief, babies aren't agnostics. ""con's definitio of atheist is a poor one, if hetries to argue that it says 'lacks belief' in God so therefor they are atheist. agnostics lack faith in God too. that doesn't mean they are atheists. atheists reject the notion of God, at least to some degree. for that reaosn, babies growing into awareness are not atheist. ""My opponent is misinformed. The majority of atheists lack a belief in god, not make the positive statement that god doesn't exist. The vast majority of atheists define themselves as negative atheists as opposed to positive atheists. Either way, both fall under the category of atheism. ""Positive atheism (also called strong atheism and hard atheism) is the form of atheism that asserts that no deities exist. [1] Negative atheism (also called weak atheism and soft atheism) is any other type of atheism, wherein a person does not believe in the existence of any deities, but does not explicitly assert there to be none. ""(. http://en.wikipedia.org...)"
"Homework should be banned. You said that students can study at home if homework is banned. But why create another layer of annoyance of obtaining the books? And teachers can hand out extension (harder) homework to suit the needs of specific students. You said that it wastes time. But, you need homework to be able to do that, for example how is the time supposed to help them if they don't know 1+1 ? My opponent has not rebutted the fact that loosening homework will help. Besides, homework helps revise & strengthen material learnt and lets them gain responsibility of their actions Thank you"
"Evolution is true, Creationism is false. No, ""merely assuming"" does not apply to my argument. Moses was a primary source. Obviously he did not have a ""God phone."" He prayed and God spoke to him. Anyway, I do not just have the Bible as my only source. Didn't you even read my last argument? At the end, I cited Thomas Aquinas. At other points, I cited certain websites, one of which was pro-evolution.We do not have wars to survive. Many times, we have wars out of greed, conflict or other reasons that only a human could understand. Pollution is pretty much all man-made. There are some natural forms, but it is mostly all man-made. Evolution is supposed to have organisms adapt to problems like these. However, we are not really adapting to said problems. We are barely making it through and many organisms are dying off from it.According to Biblical scholars, the world is only about 6000-8000 years old. Even if God made them in the Pangaea position, the tectonic plates would not have enough time to move. I am not denying that they are not moving, but as Thomas Aquinas said, ""As in the case of motion, nothing can cause itself, and an infinite chain of causation is impossible, so there must be a First Cause, called God.""https://en.wikipedia.org...God does not take credit for everything. God created gravity, light, atoms and all of those things. Nobody calls those things ""God."" I don't name everything I create after myself, and I do not know anyone who does that.I now have to go to church to worship my God, who created everything in six days. Thank you for debating."
"Willie Mays Was a Better Baseball Player Than Mickey Mantle. Mickey Mantle was indeed a better baseball player than Willie Mays. Mr. Mays was a media darling during his time and his affable personality lead to his favorable media persona. Now Mr. Mays was a great player to be sure, but Mickey Mantle was a better player. 1. Home runs: Mr. Mays has more career home runs 660 for Mays and 536 for Mantle, however Willie Mays played for 22 seasons in the major leagues, while Mantle played only 18 seasons. Willie Mays had a season high for home runs of 52, Mickey Mantle hit 54 home runs in 1961. 2. Health: Mickey Mantle never took care of himself. He drank far too much and this affected his natural talent. His legs were often so bad that they had to be bandaged before every game. Yet, through all this he was still able to peform at a very high level. Mickey Mantle was a very good defensive center fielder, while still being able to put up MVP like offensive numbers. Also, Mickey Mantle won the MVP award three times while Willie Mays only won it twice. Mantle also finished much higher in the MVP voting than Willie Mays did on a year to year basis. http://www.baseball-reference.com... Mickey Mantle walked almost 300 more times in his career than Willlie Mays. Also Mantle led the league in walks several times in his career while Mays only led the league once. Mickey Mantle performed much better in the playoffs than Willie Mays. Mays had only one career post season home run, Mickey Mantle had six. Mantle's career playoff batting average was .257, Mays's was only .247 This leads me to my final point: Mickey Mantle won seven world series titles while Willie Mays won only one. All of this leads us to the conclusion that Mantle was indeed a better ball player than Willie Mays, although both were great players."
"Is Psychology Scientific. Alright, can you elaborate more on what sort of experiments were failed and what experiments were able to be reproduced? What types of experiments were done? How accurately were they recreated? As for the example of the happiness test with a remote culture, what does the 5 and 10 represent? Are they scores of how happy they feel? I do feel as though the experiments done to see how people think are always different depending on the people in them, meaning people have different backgrounds and the result of the experiment could be different because the person thinks differently, however this does not mean the experiment isn't valid because they didn't do what the psychologists predicted. It just means it is a new note for how people react and think. Everyone thinks differently, however they are similar to others in which ways of thinking can be grouped together such as political ideology. People associated with the Democratic party may agree on some political topics and disagree about other topics with other people associated in the same party. I don't think anyone can accurately predict the thoughts and actions of someone. I do think people can accurately place people in groups based on their thoughts and actions. The way the psychologists get their results is how psychology becomes scientific. Sometimes it doesn't get reproducing conclusions, but it shouldn't be thrown out that it isn't scientific because the details of the reproduced experiment isn't 100% accurate."
"Why are garbage bags still in use? I'm against Trash Bags, you are for keeping Trash Bags. Thanks All I am saying is that until we find i more safe and useful way to get rid of trash without the use if trash bags that we should keep them for as long as anyone needs. Like a rich person might be able to afford a new Eco friendly garbage decomposing machine( or might as well make a hole in the hard and throw organic waste in there) , but a middle class person might not. So let the poor and middle class keep garbage bags and lets see what wi happen in the future, maybe everyone will have the same thing."
"Bullying and opression should be used more interchangeably. I understand the stretch and I am not denying it. However, If you let the narrative of special rights keep going that's how you once again keep empowering racists, Homophobes and misogynists over and over again Also opression by the logic of it's own could be considered as far ganging up, As that is a very common form of conflict and bullying in school. Ganging up on innocent people happens all the time and it shouldn't be too surprising. I am not saying that opression is the new bullying, I am just saying people should have more freedom to be respected and encouraged without the limitation of today's platforms Because even a website like stopbullying. Gov still only caters to certain demographics and so once again, How does that help? Why romanticize special rights platforming instead of prioritizing all innocent or powerless people at once? Also, This is what I believe the impression of a ""care-based"" morality is all about. I think the care based morality is what buys people to look into more into heir identity and less into the character. Where as a justice based morality has to do more with advanced claims to freedom, Resources and so forth that are potentially conflicting. Also, Bullying and opression can both harm the person's self esteem and confidence in the long time, So why should they both have a different peripheral then?"
"April PFD Topic. Indeed, it is very disappointing that I was so hyper-focused on the rules you set forth that I somehow didn't notice that I was taking the Pro position. On occasion I enjoy taking the devil's advocate position, but I can see no [good] justification for government involvement in organ donation for all the reasons you succinctly listed in Round 2. If you would like to take the Pro position in this debate, that would be fine with me, but it might be better that we started a fresh debate on a new topic. This one is tainted, and I could simply use the arguments you outlined in Round 2 and turn them against you. In either case, it's your call. But I owe you a good debate for the time you spent on this one, your topic of choice. FORFEIT."
"Gun Control. For guns you do not need a permit issued by the government. You can simpily fill out all the paperwork needed and get your permit at a gun shop. A backround check is needed to buy a gun too. But there is always a way to get a gun. Making gun laws stronger will not and never has made a difference. I am for gun control and always be. Guns protect us if used in the proper way. But if we make laws stronger people will be very angry all across America. People such as gang, hunters, or just people who own them."
"Creationism and Evolution are BOTH right. Think of it this way: Yes...there is no proof right now that a higher power of any kind exists. But just because we have not found any evidence yet does not disprove the theory of a higher power entirely. And no matter how far back you trace the energy, it all had to have originated from one source of energy. But that, once again, leaves the question of where the originally energy source that caused everything came from. You claim that a higher power is not likely compared to a pocket of energy. I also find a pocket of energy that magically that just happened to come into existence one day to also be unlikely. I say ""suspend Logic"" because some things just do not work (both figuratively and literally sometimes) when we think about them (we call it ""The Centipede Dilemma""). Logic and Higher Powers don't really fit together...if you apply them both 100% Like I have stated before, my theory is that a higher power started the first ball of energy or big bang or whatever; then let science take over the rest. Science is still at work, animals still evolve, etc. The Higher Power has little to do with most of it. I am just saying that the higher power set the ball in motion."
"There is nothing wrong with incest between consenting adults. I would also like to take some time to define what incest is. Incest is sexual activity between family members and close relatives. In this debate we are talking about incest between consenting adults and I in no way condone rape or paedophilia. I feel the burden of proof is on con to explain what it is, exactly, that is immoral or unethical about incest. I look forward to a good debate."
"Is Obama a War Criminal. Well yes we have funded those groups before. But that was due to us wanting to stop. These nations where ruled by dictators, these dictators ruled these nations with a iron fist. They would kill anyone who spoke out against there governments. Gaddafi who was the dictator of Libya has done more war crimes then any USA office has done in recent years. Here is one of his orders he gave his military. ""One document shows the commanding general of government forces instructing his units to starve Misrata's population during the four-month siege. The order, from Youssef Ahmed Basheer Abu Hajar, states bluntly: It is absolutely forbidden for supply cars, fuel and other services to enter the city of Misrata from all gates and checkpoints"" These rebels groups we where founding where fighting against a government that had done war crimes, and crimes against humanity. So they where in the right to rebel against these governments. Well for one we never sent any troops or weapons to help the people in Ukraine. Russia on the other hand did, they sent there own troops to help the government. The government also opened fired on protesters. The people of Ukraine did not want closer ties with Russia. http://www.theguardian.com..."
"Strict foods and nutrition guidelines be enforced in all public schools. I appreciate your enthusiasm Con. Thanks for responding. ""To put it in basic terms, if a student like how a food tastes, he or she won't eat it."" Con I think you meant to state if a student doesn't like how a food tastes, he or she won't eat it. You then go onto state the negative effects of insufficient calorie intake. I agree about the insufficient calorie intake causing problems. I disagree on the part that if a student doesn't like a food's taste. As you probably know tastes change. This is called your palate. ""Our tastes can and do change over time for a variety of reasons. Do you now dislike something you used to love, or vice-versa?"" theguardian.com Healthy food doesn't necessarily mean the food tastes bad. In a way your making the argument for me. What your telling me is the school's and parent's of children are doing such a lax job that healthy food is so foreign to them they are rejecting it. If you watch the documentary foodstamped you will see that children who prepare their own food are much more likely to eat it. I know from personal experience that foods that taste bitter often taste good after an adjustment period. I state that school's today nutritional programs are too lax and need to incorporate cooking classes where children learn to cook and prepare their own healthy food. This is even more urgent with children who do not receive bagged lunches. http://www.theguardian.com... http://www.foodstamped.com..."
"Old Spongebob (PRO 1999-2005) is better than New Spongebob (CON 2006-now). I honestly don't care about spongebob. It is a mindless stupid cartoon that depletes brain cells. There is honestly not much of a difference between old and new. It is just a cartoon. A time waster like this argument. I know i am being mean and i am sorry but I don""t care. A spongebob argument can only last one round because there is not enough to put in."
"The Jesus of History Probably Existed - D. Allow me to apologise in advance for the brevity and general inadequacy of my argument this round. Due to family matters, I am currently away from my computer and my home and am writing this from an internet cafï¿½ in Dublin. It is a shame that I am not able to provide full attention to this most interesting debate at present and I apologise to my opponent and to readers. Historical value of the gospels: At the risk of repeating myself, the only ""historical model"" I am using is the basic fact that sacred texts are not generally held to be historical and that texts which describe supernatural events would generally be disregarded by any historian worth the title. As I have shown in previous rounds there is no ""uniform consensus"" of regarding Jesus as historical. Traditional western academia has grown from within a Christian framework and as mentioned previously, criticising or questioning the Bible would have been regarded as heretical in past centuries. My opponent would do well to provide an example of a non Judeo-Christian sacred text being regarded as a historically accurate document. Tacitus: ""It seems my opponents only remaining argument against Tacitus can be phrased thusly, ""But some Christian scholars disregard Tacitus as evidence."" This is not my only argument, the examples were provided in direct response to my opponent's request for more examples of Christian scholars with this opinion. His work contains errors, omissions and additions and even if accurate his description of the belief of Christians can not be counted as evidence for these beliefs being true. Josephus: ""My opponent's reaming [sic] argument now focuses on the ""so-called Christ"" being a later addition."" This has in fact been my (main) argument from the beginning as a re-reading of my 1st round argument will confirm. My opponent claims my source is ""amateurish"" while his is reliable but hopefully readers will examine both sources rather than taking him at his word. My opponent unsurprisingly favours the study conducted from a Christian perspective. _____________ I'm really sorry but I will have to stop here. My apologies again for compromising this fascinating debate. I will be flying home tomorrow and will be able to present a much more thorough round 5. If my opponent allows me I may respond to some of his other points in the comments section but of course he would be perfectly justified in not permitting this. My thanks and apologies again. Feverish."
"There is no god. The answer to how the universe formed I already answered in the previous round. Same thing applies to the milky way. When you wake up, does god do that? No, it's your body. After it has all of the energy that it needs, it wakes up, because it doesn't need anymore. I'm guessing that you are probably a literalist based on your previous arguments, If so, here is a question for you. During the supposed great flood, The ark was loaded with two of each kind of animal. (two clean and two dirty) So, what happened to all of the fungi, plants, protists, or any of those life forms? They wouldn't survive under all that water."
"Should the U.S. government continue to aid other countries. Americans are of the 1 % when compared to the world. The real questions is can we afford not to give aid?? 1) 1)_What percentage of the U.S. federal budget goes to foreign aid? 2) What percentage should go to foreign aid? 3) If your answer on (2) was ""0,"" is any foreign aid at all worth any expense? Now for the facts on question No. 1 (the other two are opinions): roughly 1.5 percent. There is no missing zero. Most Americans believe foreign aid is close to 10 to 15 percent, but the real answer is 1.5 percent. So, move on to question 2. If you thought the answer was 10 percent, would you agree that 1.5 percent is reasonable? Or is even 1.5 percent too much to give away during a U.S. economic recession and unemployment at 9-plus percent? It is not a question of short-term spending, but of long-term investment and whether security, democracy, human rights and all the values we believe are worth preserving and promoting are worth 1.5 percent of our money. Can we afford not to give foreign aid? » Opinion » NewburyportNews.com, Newburyport, MA"
"Young Earth Creationism is wrong about the age of the earth. Young earth creationism being the creationist who believes that the earth is less than 100.000 years old. The debate will be over the age of the earth, the burden of proof will be upon me, and all that con has to do is just to refute my arguments. Meaning, I have to present evidence that show that the earth is older than the given age Con subscribes to, and if con can refute all my arguments, he wins. Evidence and rebuttals must be scientific, meaning, you cannot quote the bible, qu'ran or w/e holy book and claim it as ultimate source and expect a win. 1st round for agreements and definitions. 2-3-4-5th round for arguments and rebuttals."
"People have freedom of expression. . A legal argument can be made for cosmetic surgery. Under the Human Rights Act which enshrines the European Convention on Human Rights, we have the freedom to express ourselves, Article 10 ECHR. If we feel that our body does not reflect who we are as people, then we have the right to change it. If we can dye our hair, change our clothes and have piercings, why should we not be able to express ourselves via cosmetic surgery. Now, this right would not extend to NHS payment for the cosmetic surgery, but if someone can afford to spend money on their own appearance, there is no reason why they should not be able to, and there is a legal reason why they should be able to"
"DR H PTBTMSiWY WECAO. Boy tf is your wack-ballman talking about you sultry fool. Lemme break it down for you. You are a bussy (definition of bussy: a man who has completed shadow the hedgehog for the nintendo toaster-oven on hard difficulty) who knoweth not the glory of our god rad chad. "" And then rad chad spoke out from the mountain saying, "" Do not fear the dark my child, for i am a mad lad"" (1st lad. 5:16 New living translation) "" When you hear this profound wisdom, how still can you claim ignorance to rad chad's light? . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . also yuu suk pp"
"Atheism is true, god is not. I will first define what god actually is before we begin this debate. I will define god in the classical theistic sense. A being who is all powerful, all knowing, all loving, and is the creator of the universe. If my opponent has any problem with this definition I ask him to clarify in a comment so as to not waste rounds on semantics. Atheism can be defined as the belief that the phrase, ""There is a god"" is false. When mentioning atheism we may refer to strong atheism as opposed to weak atheism as my opponent has flat out said ""god is fake"".Now I will respond to my opponent's three arguments for why god does not exist. 1. He hasn't appeared in modern daysThis does not actually prove that god does not exist. Proving a negative is logically impossible. Rather, one could say that god is simply waiting for something or is acting on the world in ways which we cannot see yet because of the huge gaps in current human knowledge. If no one hears from me or sees me for a couple of years then it would make sense to believe that I was dead. However, this by itself would not definitely prove that I am dead. I may be living as a hermit in the Sahara desert for all you know. 2. There is no proof that he existsThis fact by itself would definitely support weak atheism, the position of simply non-belief in god or gods, but my opponent has made the bold assertion that ""god is fake"". My opponent is arguing for strong atheism and as so, hard evidence will be needed, not simply lack of evidence. What this arguments is is simply an argument from ignorance. Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. 3. It would defy our laws of scienceBy definition, god is above the laws of science as he is the creator of them. God is expected to defy these and he would not be god if he abided by them.The resolution has been negated and thus I urge a Con vote."
"Annabella. Thank you for taking this debate, I'm sure it will be a good one. REBUTTLE: I'd first like to point out that there is no definition of beauty, but ONLY opinions. Sure, you can dictionary. com the word, but they are mere thoughts of what that person thinks the word means. Pretty to you could be thin, blonde, green eyes. But to someone else it could be short, dark hair, and blue eyes. It's only a opinion. Negating my argument is next to impossible; you can't prove there is only one definition. Just a generalization of my contentions: CON 1: I'm better looking then anyone else on Debate. org CON 2: This is my opinion, NO ONE can prove an opinion to be false. After all it is an opinion. Just some values: Value: Ones right to have an opinion Value criteria: Freedom of speech."
"Diet and exersise!!!. You considered nothing I said: Diet is an expensive thing to maintain in some areas. Over 23 million Americans live in a food desert, meaning an area, usually urban, in which it is difficult to by affordable fresh food. And half of those 23 million people are low-income, so they will not have much time for exercise either. When both those intersect in a food desert, obesity is imminent. You may have bananas in your area for pretty cheap, and it's great that it's not expensive to be healthy where you are, but in some areas it is. I don't deny your facts about obesity and preventable disease, and it is a problem, but why are the people suffering from it being much more criticized instead of the local governments for allowing the food deserts to form and stay. Instead of reactive people like you, people have taken a proactive approach to this, building local community gardens with free fresh for for everybody. There are still many people in areas with well-established food security, and to tackle that problem, we once again we don't attack the people affected by unhealthy eating and bad exercise, instead tackling the problem at the source, whatever it may be. By helping these communities and creating a new cultural attitude instead of demeaning them and expecting them to fix themselves on their own, we can finally eradicate the problem. And before making these claims, understand what causes obesity and how it could realistically be fixed. All caps doesn't make you more dominant or correct in this debate. It is showing your adamance towards the second opinion. Sources: https://www.dosomething.org..."
"TV is bad for kids. I find this particular argument interesting as it addresses what children should do and not do; and also bringing up the development of the child later on thanks to the influences that they were exposed to. Therefore, I""ll attempt to put up a decent argument because I""m somewhat both sided on this. The development of the child is important to look into but I doubt its television that plays a huge role in the development but instead it""s the parents that determine the development of the child such as how they""re going to be brought up. Your premise of ""TV is bad for kids because it really screws up the brain"" is too broad because you""re talking about all types of television including televised programs such as PBS Kids that actually help with the development of children by giving an early introduction to the English language and simple mathematics through examples that appeal to the kids interest at that time. Some television actually teaches kids. Refer to a review (.pdf) in the following link for more supportive information: http://pbskids.org... By definition of kids however, to somewhat narrow down what you mean; we""re talking about kids who are pre-adolescents (a rough estimate of 2 years of age to about 8 years of age) since adolescence varies as early as 11 years but the common age is around 13 years of age. If I am mistaken about this statement here, please correct me and elaborate on what you mean by kids. However, my stance on this arguments remains unchanged."
"Religion should not be taken out of schools. There are several reasons why we should NOT teach religion in Public Schools. The First: It is public the other people from other Religions pay there taxes too. 2: There is no time for Religion in school. If you think about it which do you think is more important for a child to learn to use in life Religion/ math, social studies, Language arts , or yes Science (Which in my state only teaches physics and chemistry.) 3. You won't change their minds all you will do is piss the other people off. No I do not believe in teaching Religion in school, but yes I do believe in God and I AM a CHRISTIAN."
"Guantanamo detainees are being tortured. ""Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights. Civil and Political Rights. Situation of detainees at Guantánamo Bay"". United Nations Economic and Social Council. February 15, 2006 - ""There are recurrent reports of three contexts in which excessive force was routinely used: during transportation,72 with regard to operations by the “Initial Reaction Forces” (IRF), and by force-feeding during hunger strikes. The last is briefly dealt with in section V on the right to health. According to reports by the defence counsels, some of the methods used to force-feed definitely amounted to torture."""
God exists and we are without excuse for denying him. I quoted the Bible. I don't think that is considered plagiarism. And I did make logical points. I'm telling you that outside of God you can't account for anything. I'm not going to waste my time disproving other religions because to do that i'd be using logic and rational thinking and even those are dependant on God. You cannot know truth in any area without starting with God first.
"Gay Marriage should be protected by the Constitution. Today, gay marriage is legally recognized in 6 states. I believe that the Federal Legislature should amend the Constitution, that it would require all states to acknowledge gay marriage. Arguments against gay marriage are often religion-based or biased, and in a country that purposely does not have a designated religion, I think that it is the duty of our government to work in the best interests of its people, including homosexuals. Prohibition of gay marriage is discrimination just as much as segregation was. I hope that my opponent will be able to logically argue his position."
"animal testing should be banned. Since my opponent forfeited this round, it will somehow be unfair for me to write a long refutation. I will refute my opponent's argument as brief as I can. . Animals have their own rights. -freedom -life -happiness -protection Animal tests violates these rights.What do you mean in this case? How does the animal testing violate this rights. Please specify. I think my opponent is saying that the environment for the experiment of animals are harmful. However, it is highly regulated so the animal testing is done safely. Also, for the happiness and protection, without any animal testing, it won't be able to cure the diseases of animals, either. So, animal testing will worth more and more animals being cured and protected from diseases, and that will give surely more happiness to the animals. 2. Animal tests are replaceable. -inaccuracy -alternative What does it mean for inaccuracy and being alternative? How are animal testing replaceable. Please clarify this.Living things like humans and animals are too complex that there are not any appropriate things to replace the animals."
"Should you step in to monitor a parent talking insultingly to a child. I can personally think that, yes,it should be taken care of. But, no, if the child is being verbally abused, you should not step in to stop it. There has to be a reason for this matter, whether it's a mental illness, or the child has gotten in trouble, you don't know in this situation. You shouldn't report it to anyone, because you don't know if the parent has a mental illness or not. Nor should you step in to stop it, because the child could be in trouble and is being punished. There should be no reason for stepping in to stop it."
"Yasuo is broken. Yasuo is not broken. He is balanced. The only reason to ban him if if you're in low elo and you know your teammates will feed. His win rate is not that great, (only 49%) and is easily focused down if he is the only lane doing well. Hes like Teemo... hes annoying and people don't want to play with or against him, but all in all, he is not that great."
"It looks like a God exists. It looks like Con wants a troll debate, so here goes. ----- Con: ""1+1 doesn't equal 3"" Sure it does. 1 three + 1 zero equals 3. 1 two + 1 one equals 3. Prove me wrong Con. ----- Con: ""nature is not a construct, constructs are machines or intended, nature is random and nature is the opposite of machine."" Oh? Prove it."
"atheism is disbelief, disbelief, is belief to the contrary of the positive theistic assertion. cool, but even if you concede that you dont know, you still admit you go beyond what you dont know and believe i dont have a dog but, am i lying about not having a dog? you can believe in science and christianity as long as they dont contradict to obviusly, i think belief is doubt, so to believe god is false is to doubt god is false, and as a balance i must believe god is true same with theism negating theism imaginary claims goes to future, knowledge is truth, truth can only be in the past, past is the opposite of future the neutral position is i accept i dont know, its the only true positionm therfore, as belief is based on that position, its automaticly false, imaginary doubt is the balancing point between belief and disbelief, and on the opposite side, on the true side, is the i dont know position, doubt being a false position i dont know=certain, as i know i dont know, and know is true do you know i am wearing a hat right now? if i say the cake tastes great, and you say i dont accept that, then i would ask why dont you accept that it dosnt taste great for you to disbelieve my claim that yellow is the best colour, is you believing i am lying about that. unless best isnt oppinion based"
"Mike Huckabee is the best candidate for the Republicans. I would like to take this opportunity to see what other people think about Mike. Personally he is my choice for several reasons, but that does not necessarily make him the best republican candidate. Mike is a true conservative who's speaking style and charisma is comparable to that of bill Clinton. In the debates he has shown that he can think quickly on his feet while speaking with sincerity. He is also one of the only candidates to share his vision for American rather than to trash the other candidates and truly desecrate the republican name."
"Socialist policies are good for America. I believe that to begin arguing in favor of socialism in the United States, we'd first have to look at history. Our first arguably socialist president, Franklin D. Roosevelt, did in fact pull the United States out of the depression that was engulfing the world. One of the primary things that Roosevelt did was begin using stimulus in the economy, which generally goes against absolute capitalism. He didn't leave jobs to be created by the upper class as many conservatives and even democratic politicians support, he had the government make them. The increased the rights of the worker and allowed more rights for unions. Whether it was one of these things or a combination, you cannot help but concede that socialism rejuvenated our economy. Overseas, we saw Adolf Hitler resurrect the dead German economy. He implemented a form of (national) socialism to stimulate the economy. During this time, the Soviet Union was busy reversing the faults of capitalism and quickly modernized the failed state, turning it into a world power by the end of the second World War."
"Our society is not male dominated. Yes it is. After I was raped, I was treated like I was asking for it by some people I know. I am a woman, My rapist is a man. His lawyer even said i was asking for it. This is a form of rape culture perpetuated by privileged men. Let me tell you also about Broque Truner who was caught raping a young lady who was drunk. He never got REAL time. Another rapist who happened to be a man was never charged with rape even though their was enough evidence. Women used to be denied justice if they were raped by a spouse, Or date. What we have is men deciding whether women have sex or not, Instead of the actual women deciding. On to other things: Men decide women don't have the right to be paid the same as a man, Men decide what birth control women use, And even if a rape or spousal abuse victim can use force to save her life. Girls are more likely to struggle in school. Hillary won the majority vote and Trump was elected. I am no liberal sissy Mary, But I am tired of being viewed as less human than a man."
"Certificates are more important than hands-on experience to prove a person's self-worth. Thank you for your reply. Yes, I agree to your point that an unqualified person could never be called in for an interview and it is strictly based on the Curriculum Vitae but however, as stated in the Oxford dictionary, ""self-worth"" is defined as ""self-esteem"" and I don't think self esteem could be built up in a short period. Therefore, in my opinion I think a certificate indicate an achievement but does not prove one's self-worth and my statement was not a blatant lie. I don't think self-worth could be proven in a piece of paper as it is something that needs to be experienced at the point in time, also can be seen in http://www.wikihow.com... I fully think that in the long-run, self-worth could only be proven through experience than just a piece of paper. A piece of paper may just be a stepping-stone, and it is unable to prove one's self-worth. I hand over to you."
"ODT2: All triangles are isosceles. Quick NoteMy opponent must prove that *all* triangles are isosceles. If I can show that even one triangle is isosceles, I win the round because then not *all* triangles are isosceles. Definition of Isosceles Triangle and ImpactAn isosceles triangle is a triangle with at least two sides that are equal. The 3-4-5 right triangle is not an isosceles triangle, so we know that my opponent’s case is flawed from the outset. Opponent’s CaseMy opponent attempts to prove that all triangles are isosceles through an examination of three different cases that center around the intersection of an angle bisector and the perpendicular bisector of the side across from it. It is a given that if the perpendicular bisector and the angle bisector are the same, the triangle will be isosceles, so he needs to prove the three other cases.Scenario 1: The perpendicular bisector and the angle bisector intersect in the middle of the triangle.This one gave me a great deal of trouble, but after staring at the proof for two hours, I noticed that my opponent’s diagram is actually misleading and then did some investigation of my own through drawings on paper. I found that Scenario 1 does not even exist since the perpendicular bisector and the angle bisector will always intersect outside the triangle. This proof hinges on an internal intersection, but that does not happen. Scenario 1 thus turns into Scenario 3. Scenario 2: No intersectionThis scenario doesn’t actually make sense; if you look at my opponent’s drawings, the triangles cannot possibly be congruent because one has larger sides than the other. The flaw in this scenario is that he assumes that the angle bisector will intersect the side at a 90 angle, which is not possible if it is not equal to the perpendicular bisector. In fact, the two subtriangles could not ever be congruent (which requires all sides and angles to be the same) if the angle bisector and perpendicular bisector attached to the side at two different points since the angle bisector would not divide the triangle into equal halves. Scenario 3: External IntersectionThis is where my opponent does not actually prove his case because he does not consider a scenario that actually is part of this scenario. My opponent is correct that lines can be drawn at OB and OC, but he then tells you that he wants to connect O and AC and AB. He assumes that a ray from O will intersect these lines outside of the triangle, but it is possible to have a situation in which E, for example, is between A and B. In this case, OE and OF would not be congruent, and neither would AOE and AOF. This was claim one in his proof, so in this scenario, the triangle is not isosceles and the resolution is negated."
"An individual chooses to be homosexual. Firstly, let me state that I am not against homosexual people. I welcome them; I am tolerant of differences. Secondly, I have befriended those who I have met, and I have treated them as humans should be treated, after all, one sexual orientation doesn't make him/her less of a human. Lastly, I am about equality, hence, I support the recent Supreme Court decision on gay marriage, because I believe in the fair treatment of all. Less hate, more love, that's what we need in this problematic and changing world. In spite of those, the elephant in the room is that an individual chooses to be homosexual. In taking up this debate, my opponent will argue that an individual doesn't chooses to be homosexual, while I on the other hand, will seek to argue that an individual chooses to be homosexual. Definition: Individual: a single person or thingChooses: pick out or select (someone or something) as being the best or most appropriate of two or more alternatives. Homosexual: sexually attracted to people of one's own sex."
"Anatidaephobia. Anatidaephobia (the fear of somewhere, somehow a duck watching you) The ducks are watching...+48 I mean that's pretty stupid. But when you think about it... It's kind of really scary to have that in your mind all the time. :I+29 The fact I can get it right away with a lot more to come back and I don't think that it was not immediately available to comment on the way I am so excited to be able and willing and able to do it again I have a great way of saying it is not an issue of whether it was not immediately available to comment on the way I am sure you think I can get it right away with the same thing to say it was not a fan since I got to see you soon enough for you and your not going to be the first half of the day before I can be found at a time when you are not going anywhere near me I was in oops the obest ois in my room for a long way toward an amazing voice of reason she is not an easy to play the piano lessons and a few years and years in the morning to all my life and the way to the point where you are the only thing that would have to go back and I don't think that I have a great way of the day after a few weeks and of of it and morythe on a train and a ggreat to say I don't give me some more and ...more"
"The involvement of CSOs promotes good governance practices. The idea that CSO’s involvement in political life equals good governance is essentially an oversimplification. In extremely corrupt semi-democracies, there is no guarantee that societal actors will not be co-opted within the system and become corrupted themselves[1]. This would result in a legitimation of the non-democratic powers in the public eye, rather than a promotion of better practices and good governance. We could say that a wider role for civil society is desirable only for those countries that are well ahead in the path of democratisation. The risk is, otherwise, to trigger a counterproductive reaction. [1] Mogalakwe and Sebudubudu (2006) ‘Trends in state-civil society relations in Botswana’, Journal of African Elections, 5:2, pp. 207-224"
"The Philadelphia Eagles should NOT draft WR DeSean Jackson. < > I don't understand what u mean by your round 2 argument. Are you arguing with yourself when u say ""they should not draft him, no they should draft him?"" or are you saying the Eagles shouldn't have drafted T.O.? The San Francisco 49ers drafted T.O. not the Eagles, if that's what you meant. Yes T.O. was a threatening receiver but if you know anything about Harold Carmichael, you will agree T.O. wasn't even in the same league as Carmichael. Most Eagles fans will agree with me on that. I really don't know how to argue your stance because you didn't debate the topic. My issue is people overrating a guy like DeSean Jackson and overlooking the other, better possibilities for the Eagles. Someone like Sweed, Kelly, or Hardy would bring a new dimension to the Eagles WRs. DeSean Jackson would bring the same old thing to Philly. We already have speedy receivers (Reggie Brown and Kevin Curtis)...We need a tall, possession receiver. DeSean Jackson reminds me too much of Ted Ginn Jr. The Miami Dolphins had a chance to draft Brady Quinn who would have helped their franchise to not become the WORST in the league. Instead they chose a 2nd round talent. A mediocre receiver with exceptional KR/PR ability. So in essence they used the 9th overall pick to draft a kick returner. If the Eagles draft DeSean Jackson they will be labeled the Miami Dolphins of the 2008 draft. The only difference is that we have the 19th pick, not the 9th. I'm not calling DeSean Jackson 2nd round talent because I truly believe he is better than that. He just isn't the best WR on the board and that is who the Eagles should take, the best WR."
"Big breasts are better than small breasts. This may get a little dirty, so if you're up for it let's go! :D I want a fun debate. I believe that breast size has been, is, and will always be important. And not in a derogatory sense at all. Not that I have huge boobs, and not that I'm shallow in ANY way. I'm not bisexual or a lesbian. Bigger boobs are just more favorable in every aspect. Not huge balloons. But a proportional, healthy rack is completely desirable for both men and women."
You should follow Stoic principles. while I do agree with the idea of not trying to control things that are out of our control. I do not agree with the view of apathy. if the world all held this view then it would be a cold place. feeling of pain and pleasure are what makes us human. pain helps us to be able to enjoy pleasure that much more. Caring about loved ones while in pain is another thing that makes us human and see no reason for apathy its part of life.
"King Kong Deserved to Beat V-Rex. My opponent's defense is basically that King Kong only won because he was the main character. As I stated before, we need to observe what actually happened, not what should've happened. There may be many odds against a certain individual winning, but it could happen. My opponent's arguments are ones that attack a different resolution. Perhaps a more adequate resolution for his attack is ""should king kong have won"" not one where deserving is what's in play. In order to see whether one is deservant or not, we need to see at what happened, not what could've happened. Whilst one may have their odds against him / her, it may happen. Take for example: Humans vs. Monkeys in soccer. Of course it's expected for the humans to win, but the monkeys COULD pull off a surprise and win. They may have been more deserving as well, having more shots on goal, etc. Basically, what I'm trying to say is that the odds don't have to be in your favor in order for you to be deserving of victory. 2) My opponent claims that the V-Rexes powers were held back by the movie makers. How do you expect a creature to still be fighting when it's hurt! How do you expect a creature that is pinned to the ground to fight back? How do you expect a creature that had it's tongue bitten respond to that? It may have been an unrealistic battle, but that does not take away from King Kong being deserving of victory. 3) Again, my opponent says that it was an unrealistic battle, and that V-Rex, REALISTICALLY would've won. That is a hypothetical once more on his part. He may have had a lot of odds to win, but at the end, anything could happen, you don't just need skill to win, you also need to be intelligent. Now on to my opponent's conclusions. Basically his conclusions are that the battle was cheesy and unrealistic. They will obviously be unrealistic. When have you seen a humongous monkey or a V-rex walking on Earth while humans are walking? NEVER. Therefore, it will be unrealistic, but based on what happened, the deserving of victory was King Kong, because of what I have proven before My opponent has not said, however why King Kong wasn't deserving, all he's said is that V-Rex should have won if there wasn't bias going on. Let's evaluate on what happened, not on what could've happened please. My conclusion: In order to see whether one is deservant, we need to see what happened. What happened was that King kong won because he had v-Rex pinned to the ground. We can't say that V-Rex was deserving. How could he, if he was on the ground and defenseless? For those reasons, I urge you to vote PRO in this debate. ~Rad"
"Morality/Right and Wrong. I am not exactly sure what exactly it is that you want to debate but it concerned morality so I accepted. I assume you have made the following claim: There is no moral objectivity (or in other words there is no such thing as a moral fact). In other words, you have claimed that there are no absolute moral axioms. If you agree that this is what you claimed we will debate this if you disagree please say so and then give a more precise claim."
"The Death Penalty. My opening thesis: If a person has intent and malice to cause mental and physical harm and gets the sensation of enjoyment out of it, that person should be punished by death. Once you murder someone (and feel enjoyment), rape, and touch a child inappropriately; you should not be seen as a human being in the eyes of the law and deserved to be put down like an animal. The death penalty is justified at this point. Many will argue that killing a human being after he/she killed another human being (with malice and intent, of course) is unjustifiable as it results in the ending of a human life which is illegal and immoral. I, however, (and many more) disagree as that allows that person who ended a human life to still be alive. Many believe that imprisonment is too humane for these people who commit such heinous acts. Now, onto the subject of rape. Rape is as heinous as murder. You have the intent to cause harm, both physically and psychologically. The result of the rape to the victim is as devastating as murder. You have to live with the thought of being raped and not trusting another human being after the act. Now, onto the physical harm of it. The physical harm of rape is terrible. Rape victims have cuts, bruises, vaginal (or anal for both men and women) damage, and (possibly) broken bones. Pedophilia is devastating to a child. That child will not be the same as he or she was before the incident. They have to live WITH the rest of their lives psychologically and emotionally broken. Children are delicate people. As soon as a man or women lay a finger on a child inappropriately; they should be seen as an animal for ruing that CHILD's life. When I say, ""animal;"" I mean it as you are seen as a barbaric piece of human flesh with a mentally unstable brain. These animals aren't fit for society and should be excluded from it as a result of their heinous actions. Humans are meant to be reasonable and socially fit people. That is where I end my argument."
"One's native language structure affects one's world view (Linguistic Relativity). I ask my opponent to forfeit because he has completely decided to change his whole position after I already accepted. Changing it to the position I hold. What is worst of all, his change is based on my argument in my second last debate. He read my argument. And decided to change his argument to account for it, I know it because I am a practising philosopher and it’s my theory. Secondly it’s not fair to change the debate like that after somebody accepted. We don’t need this on DDO. We know he is lying because His copy and paste worked fine so he is completely lying. You can check out where his past comes from and see he is phony. http://www.debate.org... So the debate is over I don’t even want to debate with such a person, this is where he copying or should I say plagiarizing, his new position. I am sure he has some link that may be similar, but obviously he didn’t have it before and its directly in my debate that ended yesterday. Please Vote Con by disqualification!!! This the argument I gave Language is a complex set of physical symbols used to communicate our ideas. That is every word is a symbol which presupposes an idea. In order for communication to take place the ideas which the word relates to must be similar in the speaker and interpreters mind. That is language symbolized reality. It could only at best describe reality. But you cannot define anything into reality. To define a word is simply to assign a set of words, to another. (You have only changed symbols around) Unless this set of world symbolized some reality its useless and even harmful, if you take it as reality. That is, just to assign a set of symbols to a symbol is circular if they don’t actually symbolize anything. E.g. I could define my computer as boot, but what was formally called computer remains the very same regardless of my definition. A subjective definition is useless because the purpose of language is to communicate objectively. Most people are not aware of what I am saying right now. This philosophy is as fresh as I speak it, its straight from the hill™. Reality has its own attributes whether we like it, accept it, agree with it, believe in it, assert it, vote for it or not. All we do we can do with language is categories it and describe it. Reality could never be wrong but we could articulate it wrong. I am forfeiting because I am not going to argue against my very own created theory. This is wack!! Pls Vote Con by disqualification!!!"
"The New Deal Prolonged the Great Depression. Let the refutations begin. As you all know, this debate is important to the economic history of the nation and it is important to understand if the New Deal was effective or not and if it should be a role model in public policy for today. That is why I did this debate, to prove that the New Deal prolonged the Great Depression overall and was a failure. I thank my opponent for taking such a heavy interest in this debate and I am glad to see an already great debate!Both Schools of Thought Concur, that the New Deal was not the Problem but Other Factors Were!This is my opponent's only argument for this debate. As I have stated before, the purpose of this round is to solely refute the opposing argument and not expand or defend on your own case. My opponent's argument here is that the New Deal is popularly supported to have worked. To prove this, he uses a survey conducted by a professor at Wake Forest University. The survery is quoted in Wikipedia, but my opponent never provided a full link to the survey. I cannot give you a link either since the information seems to be not avaliable. However, I downloaded the survery a while back and I am happy to say that I still have it on my iPad. After seeing this survey again, I have several complaints about how it was conducted. These are:1. The data my opponent is using is old from 1995 and the survery is oudated. There should be a more recent one coducted to see where the opinions are today, but until then we have no modern survey or poll to see what the general opinion of economists and historians is. This information is too old.2. Whaples, the professor who did this survey, only selected historians and economists from the 1993 Economics History Association Telecommunications Directory. This was not more broad to different areas and groups, just one. 3. The confidence level for the historians and economists who were polled was not 100%. This means that they did not have full confidence when answering the Great Depression question. Thank you, I await my opponent's refutations.Source: Whaples, Robert. Where is there Consensus Among Americans Economic Historians?. 1995."
"There is no empirical evidence to support the assertion that any god exists. I submit that there is no empirical evidence to support the assertion that any god exists. First round is acceptance only, second round is for arguments, third and fourth will be for rebuttal and additional argument with fifth for summary. Any evidence provided must originate in a peer-reviewed study that was NOT done by an organization backed by a religious group of any kind. Definition: Empirical. Obtained by direct or indirect observation, falsifiable, and repeatable."
"Jueteng should be eradicated rather than legalized(Philippines). Since he has not laid down any arguments, I'll wait for Round 2 to make mine. Just some quick definitions. Jueteng: . http://en.wikipedia.org... Eradicated: To remove or destroy utterly; extirpate [. http://dictionary.reference.com...] Legalized: To make legal; authorize. [. http://dictionary.reference.com...] I presume by the title of the resolution that my opponent must argue that Jueteng ought to be completley eradicated and no aspect of it should be legalised, and I the opposite. I await my opponents arguments."
"Are Videogames Art. I would like to open up, with the point that I've been hearing that there is a lot of controversy as to the object of video games being a form art. A definition of art can fall into three parts: a. The conscious production or arrangement of sounds, colors, forms, movements, or other elements in a manner that affects the sense of beauty, specifically the production of the beautiful in a graphic or plastic medium. b. The study of these activities. c. The product of these activities; human works of beauty considered as a group. Video games are very fine examples of art, because they are usually appealing to our sight and hearing. The creators of the games are, yes trying to give us a game to enjoy, but also they are allowed boundless opportunities to use their creativity and imagination, which sounds like art to me. I would next like to present some examples of gaming ""works of art"" in terms of graphics and storyline. I saw storyline because a lot of literature is considered art and I see it that a well developed story line of a game is also a key to the game being a true master piece. Here are some examples. - The Final Fantasy Series - Halo Series - The Legend of Zelda Series - Mass Effect - Half-Life 2 - Portal Just to name some, all these game(s) all have stunning graphics [for their time] and a very gripping plot line. I think that when it comes down to it all, things like Halo 3 and the Mona Lisa have the basic thing that makes art, art. That thing is basic human creativity and intuition for beauty. I now leave the floor open to a challenger."
"Theistic evolution is a better way to explain humans and animals then regular creationalism. Despite her best effort, he could not refute this to her best ability. Skulls show the evolution process. (1) as you can see from the link, you can easily see evolution of the human skull. Again, huge similarities. I have provided DNA proof of evolution. He also do not know what god planned. We deal with mutations every day. Mutations is how evolution started. For example, an increased number of people are being born with two sets of DNA. This may be the next step in human evolution! (2) see how you something as simple as this can alter humans this much. This shows how easy evolution can start. Now, just like regular evolution, it may take a lot of years for all humans to be like this. This proves evolution again. Simple mutations an trigger evolution. As you can see, the evolution of the human skull keeps changing until it looks like the skulls we have today. ""How does something ""evolve"" into being though?""Mutations of the DNA and selective breeding.""You might as well say that there is no God if you are going to imply of evolvementation.""How so? God would have to make the universe, elements, and cells."" Either God created the chicken or He did not? Or Evolution is correct. It simply cannot be both""God created the chicken's ancestor. Then it evolved into the chicken.Case 3:For creationism to be correct would mean we would all have to be related. In the bible, the two humans are Adam and Eve. If they were the only humans, then we are all related. The bible also says that you should not go date your relative. This is a conflict of interest!1. http://www.infovisual.info...2. http://santacruz.hubpages.com..."
"Spanking children. First of all we have to clarify the differences between spanking your children and physically abusing them. Of course abusing your children can and will probably have the psychological and social effects you mentioned above but that's an another story, in this debate we talk about spanking. From my point of view and from personal experience some children need to be physically stimulated in order to understand something , you cannot just say to them ""NO"" and they will stop doing the thing that you find inappropriate, I can tell you that because I was on of this children and believe me I never felt abused or damaged because of those 1 or 2 times my mother had to spank me and certainly after some sessions with a psychologist (due to dyslexia) he figured that I was a mentally stable individual. On the other hand scientists tell you not to spank your childern because this can cause them serious mental problems but I believe that they themsleves are talking more about abusing them than spanking them once or twice in there lives, because yes if you spank them for every little thing that they do wrong you will certainly cause some psychological damage to them. Lets not forget the ancient greek proverb ""\4;^1;`4;`1;_9;_7; ^0;`1;_3;`3;`4;_9;_7;"" meaning everything should be done in moderation."
"God probably doesn't exist. ...Are you saying that extremism in religion is bad and it causes suffering?Yes. But this is not the point. Is God obligated to save those who doesn’t believe in him? Does God have an obligation to us? When we don’t believe in him, why would you think he would believe in us?An all-loving god would. It is a douche-move to deny someone into Heaven/Paradise just because of his/her atheism. That person could be a citizen who works at a soup kitchen and loves all types of people. But since he is an atheist, I guess he won't go to Heaven. What I am getting at that since God (partly) caused evil, he should fix it. God created us with free will. Adam and Eve were human, thus they had free will. God has a plan for us, and he gives us the path to salvation, but we have to choose to walk it. God doesn’t force us. You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink. This is unrelated to the debate. True, I reposted the KCA as it seemed that you had a lack of knowledge in how the universe is matter.Stop strawmaning me. I know the Universe is filled with matter. In fact, you didn't touch off of why 'ex nilho' is wrong. I ask the voters to take my arguments as dropped.Yes, to create us and lead us to salvation.What is that cause? If he created himself out of nothing, then you just proved that the KCA can and was refuted. This has no prove and I ask of you to bring it. Our understanding of God is a being than which no greater can be conceived. The idea of God exists in the mind. A being which exists both in the mind and in reality is greater than a being that exists only in the mind. If God only exists in the mind, then we can conceive of a greater being—that which exists in reality. We cannot be imagining something that is greater than God. Therefore, God exists. This is the Ontological argument. Note how it has a clever way of hiding the fact it is begging the question(The premise is basically the same as the conclusion). A famous example of this argument is a watch. If you find a watch on the ground, you don’t know who made the watch. But you do know that SOMEBODY created the watch. What created DNA? What created the Big Bang? What created us, the way our bodies work? Certainly we are the greatest creation of all? Science has not yet found an answer to some of these questions, so the logical answer would then be God. He created everything."
"Origin of Government. Con: ""information is represented in matter, otherwise, we will not be here. It takes matter and energy to generate and transmit information. Therefore, information is a manifestation of matter and energy, there is nothing “metaphysical” about it!""This is completely wrong. Information is not a manifestation of matter and energy. Information can use matter or energy to convey a message. But, suppose we were in a different universe, where matter and energy were non-existent, but some other physical forms existed. The ways that those forms were arranged could be used to convey information. This is why information is beyond matter and energy, because it uses them, but does not require them. Therefore, information is metaphysical. Because my opponent completely misunderstood my metaphysical argument, the rest of his argument is fundamentally flawed. He attempts to say that physical laws cause moral guidelines, which goes against the law of causality.Con gave an example of sacrificing as a moral necessity, but that is still only a subjective opinion. Others would not agree the sacrifice is good. This can't be justified to an objective level.Con stated, ""if all cultures requires a language to begin with, logic dictates all cultures will have the same language."" This argument is demonstrably false. Languages change over time. One group of people could start with the same language, and over many generations and with people moving to separate parts of the world, the language would eventually change into different types.Con showed that different cultures will have different views on morals, like with abortion, but he still hasn't really shown the difference between that and what the universal moral thread is.Barbarous and civil are only relative terms if one does not agree that there is an objective moral standard with which society should be based off of. My argument is that, how did that first society learn to become civil all on their own? We do not see societies nowadays becoming more civil unless there is an external influence. Therefore, there must have been an external influence with the first society."
"Euthanasia. Ok so maybe i offer it up. But what is the point? What do i achieve by doing that? Nothing. Is it cowardly to want to avoid pain? If my loved ones REALLY loved me they wouldn't want me to suffer they would want me to be happy and peaceful, and if they really loved me they would support my decision to be Euthanized."
"The christian god Yahweh is malevolent. Upon the forfeit of my opponent I have little else to say. The only argument I have failed to disprove is his case that god works ""in mysterious ways."" As you will shortlysee that argument fits about as much as it does for a serial killer.In the king james bible, which religion places as infallible, the lord yahweh is a mighty and jealous god. He issues commands that would be inexcusable today. The stoning of gays is hardly kosher today despite that fact it would be un kosher not to do so. The bible by the way, was always untill recently, a moral guide specifically for jews by jews. Love thy neighbor, if translated literrayl would read ""Love thy fellow jew."" Heathans were free to be killed and they were by the bucketload. It is a sacrilege for instance to marry a canaanite or several fancy names for arab and moses died, not of old age, but for not circumcizing his sons.Finally the god, Yahweh is malevolent for the main reason that he kills people. Lots of people. Plague, stillbirthing, lightning strikes, fires, floods, cities destroyed on the basis that everyone was a rapist (apparently including dogs, women, children and babies) and god waited 6 billion years to give anyone the slughtest chance of not burning in hell. Yahweh is evil, by far more evil than satan."
"Churches Should be Taxed. The separation of church and state would not be as severly violated as it has been in the past. Kentucky has given out Bibles in public schools, a family of Jewish children was repeatedly harassed after complaining about the promotion of Christian beliefs in their school. One of the students was forced to write an essay on ""Why Jesus Loves Me."" The taxation of churches and other religious institutions would not be as severe as forcing the beliefs of Christianity onto Jews or Muslims. As I said, it would only be .5% taxation. Then they could go on their merry way and do whatever they want with the rest. It's no secret churches have abusing extra money and such. I'm not saying all churches are, just some. Also, the government is not intruding on the ceremonies of the religious, just collecting money. We're not shutting the churches down, we're just taxing them very little.Source: http://archive.adl.org..."
"fun 90's song lyrics debate. OH HO HO! What do we have here? I see how my opponent plays now! Nice and dirty and POPULAR! Well if we are going with the more well known lyrics of the 90's that our voters are surely going to love, then I present you with this gem! And I say, dear sir, can YOU dig it?? HAHA! Whoomp! (There It Is), Tag Team 1993 source: http://www.lyricsondemand.com... 'Party people Yeah Tag Team music comin' straight atacha That's me DC the Brain Supreme And my man Steve Roll'n We're kicking the flow we're kickin' And it goes a little somethin' like this Tag Team back again check it top Wreck it - let's begin Party people let me hear some noise DC's in the house jump jump and rejoice There's a party over here a party over there Wave your hands in the air Shake the deriere These three words mean you're gettin' busy Whoomp there it is whoomp there it is Upside down and inside out I'm about to show all you folks What's it's all about Now it's time to get on the mic And make this party hype I'm talking it back to the old school 'Cause I'm an old fool who's so cool If you want to get down I'm gonna show you the way whoomp there it is Let me hear you say whoomp there it is Whoomp chak a laka chack a laka chak a laka chak a Point blank gin and juice I drank Gettin' bent and bent and as I puff on a dankt Rock the mic uh oh I see rave skin Rip skit find a honeydip to dip it in Slam dunk it stick it flip it and ride That is double O D D Y oh my Ooh that it come on come on Whoomp there it is I'm done ""Hey some say I'm crazy 'Cause I'm pushin' up daises The underground sound that you have found Amazing outstanding demanding Commanding you people dancin' That's a breath taker I produce AKA the undertaker You want to come down to the underground Old school - here's a shovel can dig it fol Can you dig it we can dig it Can y'll dig it we can dig it Why double omp as I flow To the fly from the school of old Hardcore kick the folk lore wreck Three to the two and one mic-check Mad skill flow ill on the mesh of steel That's the grill of the microphone I just killed Party people it's your party Tag Team is through Whoomp there it is I thought you knew Whoomp there it is Yeha Tag Team comin' straight atcha That's me DC the brain supreme And my man Steve Roll'n Bring it back ya'll bring it back ya'll bring it back Here we go Whoomp there it is'"
"Undertale is an incredible game. Firstly, I don't believe it's an incredible game because, when you're told not to kill all the monsters at the beginning of the game... yet all the monsters actually go out of their way to end your life. Yet with all these monsters actively trying to kill you, you can't defend yourself, otherwise you're an evil monster. The game is essentially forcing you take the pacifist path, because apparently, you're a genocidal maniac if you defend yourself from a monster that is going to kill you. Secondly, some of the characters are really bland, and do nothing to advance the plot in game whatsoever. Like for example, there's Mad Dummy, who is just a boss you encounter at random and is never heard from again. And then there's Napstablook, a ghost you fight also, and is also never heard from again. Some of these characters do absolutely nothing and are never heard from again. Thirdly, the game doesn't become so original, when all it takes to implement the same system where you don't needlessly kill, all anyone needs to do to make a game like that is to add a karma meter to their game, where if you do bad things, bad things happen to you, and if you do good, good things happen. That's exactly how Undertale's ending system works."
"""Having Sex"" Is Rational; ""Making Love"" Is Not. I""m sorry, but your argument is incoherent and you didn""t reject my counter. My counter still disproves your position on this issue and you need to disarm it if you want to be able to prove your point. You keep dancing around it and talk about feelings and this vague understanding of I wasn""t saying that rationality isn""t an elegant idea, I""m saying that I think your definition of rationality is wrong because it isn""t elegant. Rationality doesn""t include a cost-benefit analysis of risk calculation...logical thought does, but rationality and logical are not always the same thing. For something to be rational it is to be in accord with logic or reason, but not necessarily the same thing. Your third paragraph is really ambiguous because you are trying to imply that ""Having Sex"" involves risk balancing. You haven""t made that argument. In fact, I, for all intensive purposes, can argue that, because it is a subconscious desire, we cannot call all instances of ""Having Sex"" based in rationality because the possibility exists that the level of rationality involved is equal to that of someone ""Making Love."" If ""Making Love"" is irrational, so is ""Having Sex"" and if it is not, neither or either. Your fourth paragraph is all over the pace. I used my mathematical example to illustrate rationality. You are using ambiguity in your argument again. You argue that my example is ""thoughtful, but not all forms of thought are rational"" but I never argued that all forms of thought are rational. You brought Kant into this to bolster your argument, but your statement is unrelated to our debate here. You argue that love goes beyond biology, but the side you are taking in this debate is that of """"Having Sex"" is rational; ""Making Love"" is Not"" however you just conceded that biology can be rational. Your final ""point"" is that ""Making Love"" goes beyond biology, but rationality doesn""t stem from biology it stems from a line of thought or a process being in accord with logic. You haven""t argued that ""Making Love"" must be irrational."
"fast food is good or not. Saves the time time but makes us fat and thus unable to do as much with our fat bodies in a given amount of time.If, however, I'm advocating it's good then clealry convenience is the main factor and yes it brilliantly saves time on a particularly busy day.The fact that the 'con' has gone against fast food confuses me as to which side I am on."
"Better than Deserved. To clarify my position: AS human beings we all often are better than deserved. We are all alive; living and breathing. We also have been given a chance to seek God. Sorry I was not able to prepare my argment, so this is going against my own rules. :/ My apologies. I have been a bit busy today. However, in simpler terms... Being better than deserved is to point directly to the Gospel of Christ. God is Holy and thus- because He is holy makes Him just, righteous, perfect and good. Whereas the depravity of man-kind is the total opposite because we all fall short of God's glory (Romans 3:23)... we have broken God's law (Exodus 20:3-17) which in right, we are deserving nothing more than God's wrath in hell. But John 3:16 addresses that because of God's love for the world we can be saved through the death, burial and resurrection of Christ. With this Gospel, in my personal belief, humility is a main reason to stand on the belief of being better than deserved. If I or anyone were to say that they deserve to be saved or live a good life or be blessed than that is arrogant and cruelly stealing glory from God. The glory and point of direction should be based solely and only on God. Its not to say that God doesn't see me or anyone else deserving, because if He didn't then there would be no salvation of hope for any of us, but to stay humble this is the best way to approach when acknowledging the good things God has granted to us as believers and even non-believers. Therefore, better than deserved is good to use for the sake of the understanding the Gospel and remaining humble. :) (sorry its short, hope this answers everyone's questions though... And best wishes to my opponent!)"
"Gay's should be able to marry. Burden of Proof is on PRO, but I will bring up sufficient evidence for my arguments. I debate that gay people should not and are not able to marry people of the same sex (according to the definitions given below). Marry: Join in marriage. (1) Marriage: The formal union of a man and a woman, typically recognized by law, by which they become husband and wife. (2) #1 . https://www.google.com... (The first definition) #2 . https://www.google.com.... (The first definition) Vote CON! !"
"Most Important Battles. Battle of ViennaThis battle is somewhat like the famous battle of Tours (732), but in this case, the less famous battle of Vienna was far more close. Once again the Muslims were on the move in 1683 to claim all of Europe under the flag of the Ottoman Empire. Intially, the Ottomans were trying to siege Vienna, but this actually turned into a battle as things went on. Why? The Ottomans kept dallying and waited to long and an epic battle took place. Basically their commander, Mustafa Pasha, had a force of over 130,000 Ottoman troops. Vienna was protected by 15,000 Germans. Pasha lost his window to attack and now fought on the defensive when a relief force arrived of 100,000 Germans and Poles. What this battle proves is that you should not waste time like Pasha did. Had he attacked, Vienna would had no doubt fallen and he would have had stronghold for the Ottomans to gain reinforcements. The Ottomans lost 20,000 men while the Europeans lost 4,500. For more watch this:http://www.youtube.com..."
"Resolved: It is more rational to worship the stars than the Judeo-Christian God. Before I even begin with definitions, do not take this debate if you are Calvin_Cambridge, Kohai, ScarletGhost, Samian96, or Darknes. Definitions: Stars: Massive, luminous ball of plasma held together by gravity. Rational: Agreeable with reason. Burden of Proof: The BoP will be shared. Con cannot win just by poking holes in my vase, he must build his own that worshipped God is both better and more rational. Think of it as a tug of war: Con must build his own case and argue effectively for the win rather than the entire burden being on me."
"Women have a more important and useful role in society than men. So you have forfeited your last round also. So as i have said i am using this round for concluding my points. So as i have said above it is proved that each and every person has equal role in society. Every job has its own dignity and nothing is greater than other. So i am not saying that men are greater than women but i am not supporting the fact that women are greater than men. They have equal status and equal roles to play in the society. So i hope that my pro understand what i am saying and also negative sides of the statement. So in this debate i have opposed all the points made by the pro but he has not opposed mine. So i think that the result of this debate goes favourable to the con side. .. .. .. .. . Here i would like to post some sites that supports my argument,. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . http://en.wikipedia.org... . http://europa.eu... . http://www.acdi-cida.gc.ca... . http://www.globalprosperity.org... . http://www.unfpa.org... . http://www.gender.go.jp... From these sites we can see that women only have equal role in society and nothing more than it. So i hope all should be in the con side of this debate."
"Only important subjects should be mandatory and choice of subjects should be at maximum. Your education system would be a bit too broad. While it is certainly good to have more freedom when it comes to courses, here are some courses that are minimum: Mathematics Science Language Reading Comprehension Basically, the core subjects. Also, to ensure that students get a broad view of all different aspects of education, here are courses that should be required for at least one semester: Art Music PE"
"let the red states secede. 1. None of these points constitute actual communism or socialism of any kind. There is no command economy. Even the most cursory understanding of what communism or socialism actually are will easily elucidate the fact that the ""blue"" states have not established and do not seek to establish either of these systems. 2. This point shows such ignorance of the very concept of power that I don't know how to begin to address it. The government would not be allegedly exercising power by ""changing"" the definition of marriage. The ""definition"" of anything is not determined linguistically by the State. Instead, the government is exercising power by forcing people to conform to a certain definition. My opponent asserts ""the traditional definition of marriage by definition is the legal union of a man and a woman as husband and wife."" Who creates that definition? Is it the right of a ""small government"" to uphold that definition? No, conservatives have no interest in small government. Authoritarianism (and that is what social conservationism is) is inherently incompatible with small government. The phrase ""small government"" is just being twisted to mean anything. I don't see how anyone can seriously argue that the government is overstepping its power by ALLOWING people to do something. 3. My opponent is dodging the main root of this argument, which is that it is impossible for states to switch between two countries effectively. Many of the states are not clearly ""red"" or ""blue"" and would have nowhere to go. There would be no long term stability because many states would keep seceding and seceding back constantly or they would have nowhere to go. 4. Dodging the point about the fact that ""blue state"" universities offer an objectively better education and better pre-professional training. I am not talking about public education at all. I am talking about private, post-secondary education. The ""red states"" clearly suffer as a result of this."
"Children should receive vaccinations. To begin, I will remind my opponent that his/her next round will be their concluding round, in which they may not present any new information. This means that he/she can only weigh and crystallize arguments. My conclusion will be the first part of round 5, directly after my opponent's. My Arguments:My arguments have all been dropped by my opponent. This means that all my arguments have been accepted to be true. Refutations:Since my arguments have been accepted to be true, my opponent's incorrect and unproven assertions that vaccines are untrustworthy and harmful have been disproven by my arguments. I have proven that government-approved vaccinations work reliably, or as reliably as you can expect anything to. You can risk the slight risk of your child having an allergy and then have compensation from the government and protection from herd immunity. [1] This is obviously different from drinking orange juice from the grocery store, risk the slight chance of getting orange juice that is past expiration date, and then return it, get compensation from the grocery store, and get better orange juice. (Please infer sarcasm)."
The Avengers can destroy the Justice League. My argument is that the Avengers from Earth 616 can abolish the Justice league from Earth one. The Avengers team will consist of the following: Iron Man Captain America Hulk Thor Hawkeye Scarlet Witch Black Widow Justice League: Batman Superman Flash Cyborg Aqua Man Wonder Women Green Arrow Rules for the debate are to include reliable sources or else the argument will be considered invalid. Use proper spelling and Grammar. No name calling.
Lowering the taboo. A lot of people who are allowed alcohol when they are younger still find the urge to go out and party and get really ill because the alcohol is in moderation. I do not think that it matters whether they are given alcohol at an early age or not because when they hit the age of 18 the teenager would experience a whole new world where alcohol is available legally and a lot more of it.
"Semi to intelligent life exists on other planets. It is very unfortunate that Pro could not conclude his arguments, I have really enjoyed this debate. Anyway, in this last round I will only present my conclusion. In the first round it was agreed that it cannot be said that ""Semi to intelligent life exists on other planets"", what, from my point of view, was a victory for my side. But for the rest of the debate, we focused on the question of whether it was possible to say that it is at least even odds of life existing or not in other planets. Although Pro has given solid numbers stating that there are an enormous number of planets in the universe, when you compare this numbers to the equally astonishing small odds of life succeeding in each of this planets, those previous numbers don't look so impressive. I do like to believe that we are not alone on the universe. But I realize this belief is based mostly on faith, because as I demonstrated, the odds of that being true are negligible, and the odds of another civilization making contact with us are much smaller."
"The Christian God is more likely than other gods. False Gods ""False gods are gods that are not real, but invented by men or inspired by demons. The purpose of which is to deceive people so they do not believe in the true and living God. Some of the false gods listed in the Bible are Adrammelech and Anammelech (2 Kings 17:31), Asherah (1 Kings 15:13;18:19), Ashtoreth (1 Kings 11:5,33), Baal (Judges 2:13; 1 Kings 16:31), Baalzebub (2 Kings 1:1-16; Luke 11:19-23), Dagon (Judges 16:23-30), Molech/Moloch (Lev. 18:21; 20:1-5), Rimmon (2 Kings 5:18), and Tammuz (Ezekiel 8:14). http://carm.org... ""All people have sinned against God. ""But, God is infinitely holy and righteous. ""He must punish the sinner, the Law- breaker. ""If He didn't, then His law is not Law for there is no law that is a law without a punishment. ""The punishment for breaking the Law is death, separation from God. Therefore, we sinners need a way to escape the righteous judgment of God. ""Since we are stained by sin and cannot keep the Law of God, then the only one who could do what we cannot is God Himself. ""That is why Jesus is God in flesh. ""He is both divine and human. ""He was made under the Law (Gal. 4:4) and He fulfilled it perfectly. ""Therefore, His sacrifice to God the Father on our behalf is of infinite value and is sufficient to cleanse all people from their sins and undo the offense to God."" http://carm.org... My question to you at this point is: If Jesus did not die for our sins then how will you obtain salvation? Do you just expect God to forgive you with no punishment? Do you hope to be a good enough person from now on that God will forgive your past transgressions? The bible teaches in John 14:6 ""Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me"""
"Jesus decides who will be thrown in hell and who will be saved as per the Christian Bible. Jesus may sit on the judgement seat but god has already decided before creation. Ephesians 1:4-5 ""For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy and blameless in his sight. In love predestined us for adoption to son ship through Jesus Christ, in accordance with his pleasure and will"" And Jesus does nothing of his own accord but simply is the one caring out the judgment in which god has already decided long ago. John 5:30 ""I can do nothing on My own initiative as I hear, I judge; and My judgment is just, because I do not seek My own will, but the will of Him who sent Me."
"Patients will be better informed than under the status quo. Advertising prescription drugs enables patients to learn, and to request innovation faster in order to benefit from the new drugs that health personnel still have not gotten used to. Advertising increases consumer awareness of drugs, which makes consumers more likely to take appropriate medication. The drugs market is complex and so advertising can help explain the differences between treatments, for example between contraceptive pills intended to reduce period pain, period flow and those simply to prevent pregnancy. Advertising under current rules is used to inform patients of new drugs which may be appropriate for conditions which they suffer from (such as recent asthma drugs which reduce the frequency of attacks), but which their doctor might overlook or not have the time to crosscheck against her list of patients.[1] 56% of AMA general practitioners believed that direct-to-consumer advertising had prompted some of their patients to seek treatment for a condition which would have otherwise been neglected.[2] If a patient has taken the time to actively consider a particular drug and then visits their doctor, whether they are prescribed it or not, they are building up a positive relationship with their doctor and are more likely to continue to take an active interest in their health. Further on, in states where there is no direct to consumer advertising but there is advertising to doctors, patients are disadvantaged because it is in the interest for private medical insurance firms or national health services to keep information about expensive new drugs from patients. In the UK it was because of cost that the Primary Care Trusts (PCTs) refused to allow the prescription of Herceptin, a drug which US studies have shown reduces the damage done by breast cancer. Ultimately pressure from Roche, the drug’s manufacturer and from patients resulted in the drug being authorized for use, but the process was much faster in the US where Roche could run advertisements alerting consumers to the potential benefits of Herceptin, and thereby immediately giving patients access to a similar level of information as their doctors and allowing them to push for its authorization.   [1] Patient View – for improving patient care, Information on prescription medicines: the views of EU-based patient groups, http://www.patient-view.com/projects4.htm, accessed 08/07/2011 [2] Lyles A., Direct Marketing of Pharmaceuticals to Consumers, Annual Review of Public Health, published May 2002,  http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/full/10.1146/annurev.publhealth.23.100901.140537, accessed 08/08/2011"
"Abstinence-only rightly teaches saving sex for marriage. Letter from Congressman Lee Terry requesting support for Title V funding (and the congressmen who signed it). 21 June 2007 - ""Abstinence education is a public health strategy focused on risk avoidance that aims to help young people avoid exposure to harm. These programs have been shown to effectively reduce the risks of out-of-wedlock pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases by teaching teenagers that saving sex for marriage and remaining faithful afterward is the best choice for health and happiness."""
"Modern Video games have little to no sexism Change My mind. Hey. I've been a gamer for around 10 years- started with the PS2 and haven't looked back since. I play pretty much every genre imaginable, And I gotta say, Sexism is something I come across a lot. I get what you're saying when you mention how the GTA Strip Club just emulates real world events- it's unfortunate that sexism exists in the real world, But it's good you acknowledge this. However, This does not make it not sexism- prostitution is exploitative and objectifies women, Putting it in a game does not suddenly make it okay- GTA quite simply displays sexism. Small things like this, Exposing people to things like prostitution normalises it in some way; it makes it seem more acceptable, Disconnects people from the harsh reality of desperate women involved in prostitution. I also disagree with your implied notion that the prostitution portrayed in GTA is realistic- the BBC created a few interesting videos on YouTube regarding the lives of female UK University students forced into prostitution to make ends meet. One in particular struck me- a story about a student abused by a client. Making prostitution appear as it does in GTA detracts from the real life issue- however, I went off on a tangent here. I do agree with you that overt sexism, Like what is shown above has decreased in recent years- and I even take my hat off to some games, For example, The Call Of Duty franchise who are adding female characters in modern games. I don't consider the ""damsel in distress"" convention as serious, However, It is a part of the underlying sexism of most video games. You'd never see the princess saving Mario, Eh? As you say, This is through obvious means, But it doesn't make it not sexist. Let's take FIFA as an example, There is a very limited female gamemode available, That allows the user to play with female players, However, It does not offer nearly as many features as it's male counterpart- now- you could say that this represents the clear gap in popularity between male and female football, HOWEVER, In my opinion, A fully fledged female game option could encourage many young gamers into looking into supporting real female football. Now- something I want to tackle, Is online and multiplayer modes. Now, Sexism on these modes is obviously community driven and not something the game developer can easily solve- short of banning sexist users, However, It is important to tackle. There are plenty of articles regarding the abuse received by female gamers, And many mentions of serious harassment (! ) and sexual comments. This is not to say that male gamers don't receive abuse as well, However, The abuse hurled at female gamers is often targeted and singles them out based on gender. Thanks- I doubt I'll change your mind, But I look forward to your response. Especially regarding the multiplayer thing."
"Video games are not bad. Video games do not always contribute to obesity. Playing for about 2 hours a day isn't going to make you obese. Also, in the Wii's case, you actually move. Video games don't trigger a psychopath. They are actually used as a way for friends to communicate, and share time together. They also raise hand-eye co-ordination. To extend that, here is an example. I have a cousin in California I rarely see. We both have Xbox 360's, and Halo 3. Just recently, we have often played together. Halo is fun for the both of us, and is a common hobby. Along with that, Xbox Live allows us to talk, just as we are next to each other. We ask each other how things are going, how school is, and even almost plan a trip for him to see me! This communication creates fun, and linking, while not having to pay for the long distance phone bills. Now, to answer the second argument, it IS a needed simulation. Many things in video games are impossible, or very hard to do in real life. SO, this allows you to do those things! Also, for those things simple to do, such as ride a bike, or play baseball, video games can be used to do those things, while it is winter, or you are sick. As I stated in my first speech, the Wii is used in Rehab. This helps people get the feeling of being free, and relieves pain. Also, the probability of someone going out, and killing someone just because they play Halo, or another shooter is very low. Millions play Halo every day, minute, heck every SECOND, and they aren't killers. We would all be dead if every gamer was a killer!"
"White people. For my rebuttal, I'd like to say that people's opinions matter and should be accepted. Also, I want to say that black people are better than white people. God made white people for a reason and they messed it up. Good going white people. Only white people seem to mess up the world and the economy and all that. This concludes my argument. #HolocaustRound2"
"Income tax is the price we pay for living in an equitable society. Why should childless people pay for educating the children of others? Why should people who take care of their health pay for those who drink and smoke and eat to excess? We should pay for the resources we consume (with a safety net provided for those who cannot, through no fault of their own, pay for these goods themselves). Direct tax is much less fair and provides no incentive for people to use less of society’s resources. The response fails to understand that the debate is about how tax should be collected, rather than how much tax should be collected. Contrary to the arguments in the response, it would be possible to fund the NHS, run public transport etc through indirect taxation; the amount of revenue lost by abolishing direct taxation could be replaced simply by increasing indirect taxation"
"The few, the brave, the ""we are entitled""! LOL!. You have not replied with a valid argument, nor have you refuted any of my claims. You have stated your opinion and you have not offered any evidence to back it up. Because of this you are calling into effect Hitchens's Razor. Hitchens's Razor states that, ""What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence."" It also states that the burden of proof is with the instigator (you). Here is my refutation of your round two arguments: You have offered a substitution fallacy. Because you move to intensional statements that I ""wish for equality while condemning any human based on race or sex,"" your argument is invalid. The same is true for the argument that I ""desire a coalition of darker skinned folks, and women, and children to follow [my] lead, and to improve [my] condition."" Would you please offer a valid argument that either furthers your claim or refutes my argument? Your next round should have evidence that can be verified without requiring a specific point of view or requiring any preexisting beliefs."
"The English in the Northern US are descendants of the Normans, whereas in the South -- Anglo-Saxons. Gore, oh Gore, wherefore art thou Gore. Would a politician by another name be less corrupt? Names can be meaningless. An example, my username is my real last name, Weiler. Weiler is a German name. My ancestry is more British and Irish than German. My opponent claims there is evidence in support of this resolution. I would love to hear it."
"Is Classical Education better than Public School Education. OK, I define public school as the new school method. I don't know what they do in school, but I define classical education as the same as Classical Conversations. 10 student max., 1 tutor. Meeting every week. 6 strands: Debate/Rhetoric/Grammar/Research/Exposition & Composition/Logic Public school is like 50 students in 1 class and the teacher doesn't teach concepts, only demonstrates problems. IDK how public school works, so thats why I say you defend P.S."
"Abortion is Murder. ""She could also give an early term birth, Therefore, Giving the baby a chance to survive. ""Ok""Abort - verb""Ok""Ending the life of an innocent entity. ""Ending the lifeTermination of pregnancyLifePotential lifeIt could be argued that aborting a fetus over 2-3 months would be considered ending of a life since the baby is forming. But it isn't a being yet, It has not survived. This is like saying a person's brain does not exist simply because it is inside their head. Good point. Difference would be that if the brain is removed from the head, It would die since it doesn't have anything to work on. Once the baby is born (out of the mother), It does not die, It fully exists and it lives. Severe scoliosis. They are a person. A person is a being that has certain capacities or attributes such as reason, Morality, Consciousness or self-consciousness. That includes people with disabilities and conditions. ""Maybe they couldn't support the baby. . . "" - This is another situation in which adoption would be a great solution. ""Agreed. ""So do you believe that there is no thought put into ending a baby's life? ""Yes there's thought, But it isn't with malicious intent or premeditation. I'm sure there's doctors who feel sorry for aborting a baby instead of feeling satisfied thinking ""Yes! I killed it. "" after all, It's the mother's decision. Unborn fetus = potential babyA mother is still a mother even if the fetus isn't existing since fetuses grow and there's a process, From embryo/fetus and to a baby. ""Does that mean abortion clinics are committing homicide? "" - Yes. Wonder why they aren't punished then. The determinate of whether the baby is alive or not is whether the mother wants the baby. What does that mean? Is this in reference toward unborn baby or a born baby. Can't a baby be alive even if the mother doesn't want the baby? Or did I take your point the wrong way. ""If want is necessary for a life to be valuable, Then it would be okay for someone to kill their 2 year old child because they do not want he/she? ""No."
"I would like to get the ball rolling on this most provocative of topics, national health care. I believe that a national health care system would cause Americans to become even more apathetic to their own health and or well being. This would thus fall, as if a yolk, on the back of all of the bourgeois and cause taxes to increase significantly. Please understand that this argument is based on American society, I am more interested in your opinion than just enforcing my own. Also realize that I have sympathy for the insurance industry and thus would like our current system to promulgate. Fire away."
"Is King Dedede One of the Best Characters in Super Smash Bros for Wiiu/3DS? Reissue. Thank you for accepting the challenge. I make 4 points. Prima Games is the source for all of these. 1) King Dedede is the 3rd heaviest character. This is good because then it is harder for opponents to launch him. 2) Despite being a heavyweight, King Dedede has multiple jumps, allowing him a better recovery and aerial mobility. 3) King Dedede's attacks have good range, good knockback, and do massive damage. His side smash, though it has long startup, has incredible range and can do up to 24% damage! Even his dash attack can KO lighter opponents with under 100% damage! King Dedede's throws also have good range. 4) King Dedede is great at edge-guarding. Since he has a good recovery, he can jump off the stage, suck opponents in, spit them out, and still be able to recover. If this doesn't work, or if King Dedede wants to stay on the stage, he can just through a gordo at the opponent. Gordos are interesting when it comes to edge-guarding. So as you can see, King Dedede has many strengths that prove that he is a good character in Super Smash Bros."
"The Keystone XL Pipeline Should Be Built. I. Job CreationWell, I'd like to say that I could go and look at their donors, but they keep their donor identities secret, so that would be pretty damn difficult, wouldn't it[1]?II. GDPI do have sources to back up that your sources have no sources--your sources. I suggest that those reading this debate read them.TransCanada is making a sales pitch. They aren't paid to give unattractive estimates of the results of building the pipeline, they won't want to believe that the pipeline would do harm, and they're fighting a PR battle to get it built so they can make money off it. That's their interest: money.So they aren't going to give out facts that make people less willing to support it, and they're probably going to give the most optimistic value possible for the benefits, rather than the most realistic one. Conflicts of interest like these are why we independent surveyors and evaluators. And the only independent study that has been cited here (as opposed to simply stated as existing without so much as a title or group) doesn't give the pipe much ammunition.III. Midwest Oil PipelinesThe problem is that supply will decrease in the Midwest. That is what I have been arguing all along, and my opponent seems to have missed this.V. Long-Term ContributionsWell, then, I refuted the source! I prevented an independent study that disagreed with it, and we actually know what that study is, as opposed to your link, which just claims that an independent study said it without any back-up at all!And I'm not saying it's bad, just that it isn't energy independence.C1. Environmental DamagesHere are some instances of renewable energy sectors growing: Texas oilman Pickens came up with a plan to supply 20% of the nation's power through wind[2] Wind power grew by 45% in a single year[3] Wind power in general is pretty much growing along an exponential curve[4] Despite setbacks, solar power has continued to grow, and is providing more and more power[5] C2. Improper Oversight Pro is basically arguing that we should resign ourselves to corruption, that we should simply say 'Oh, well, at least we get a few jobs out of it'. I say that we should fight it wherever it manifests. 1. http://www.huffingtonpost.com... 2. www.pickensplan.com/wind/3. http://www.worldwatch.org...4. http://www.gwec.net...5. http://www.cleanedge.com..."
"This house believes: We need animals in bio-medical research. Sorry to hurt animals lovers and advocates out there. But...This house believes: We need animals in bio-medical research for the advancement and the well-being of humans.For the purpose of this debate, these definitions are as stated:Need: require (something) because it is essential or very importantAnimals: a living organism other than a human beingBio-medical Research: is the broad area of science that involves the investigation of the biological process and the causes of disease through careful experimentation, observation, laboratory work, analysis, and testing.Advancement: development or improvement.Well-Being: the state of being comfortable, healthy, or happyHumans: Mankind; the human race; humanity.All definitions herein are as stated; other definition propose is contrary, and shall not be accepted.I, YoungLawyer, taking the pro side in this heated case, shall defend for the research, the advancement of, and the well-being of humans through bio-medical research on animals, and others points that shall come up throughout the debate; while rebutting to statements that my opponent may use.Round 1: Acceptance only, with a brief opening.Round 2: Presenting points (max: 10) and defending them (my opponent shall make no rebuttals) Round 3: Arguments/Rebuttal Round 4: Arguments/RebuttalRound 5: Final Arguments/Rebuttals/Closing statements."
"Shakespeare was a FRAUD. - Regarding your first point I will concede on the point that Shakespeare wasn't educated at all and I am sorry for my mistake. However as that article points out, There is no official record for Shakespeare attending a school. Even if he did attend a grammar school, It is unlikely he would be able too write at that high level of vocabulary that he writes in when he only attended a grammar school. To give you some perspective Shakespeare's plays includes almost 29, 000 words which is more than we use today. - Now regarding your second point, I have not found a single article or study proving that Shakespeare had editors whom edited his plays while he was still alive. Even if he did it is a bit suspicious that a man whom had that high level of vocabulary had poor hand writing and poor spelling. - Your 3rd point isn't true as Shakespeare father was a glove maker. On that note neither of Shakespeare parents knew how to write as evidenced by this article. Http://www. Shakespeare-online. Com/biography/shakespeareparents. Html - While it could be reasonable that he found his unfinished plays to be embarrassing, If he found his unfinished plays that embarrassing than he would instead ask that his unfinished plays be destroyed. Even if he was embarrassed and didn't ask for them to be destroyed, It is however suspicious that Shakespeare didn't write anywhere in his will anything about his unfinished plays or his actual plays."
"The Federal Reserve should be dissolved out of existence for tyrannical Interest and Inflation. Lets be clear here. Changing money creation from Banksters hands to the Governments hands is dissolving the Federal Reserve. You can call your new system under the Government the Federal Reserve but it simply isn't. It is the one who controls the money creation who has the power. If you are simply just going to change owners from the Fraudulent Banksters to the Fraudulent Government how does that solve the problem for average Joe? Your plan does not address the issues of Fiat currency and it's worthlessness overtime. Since 1913 the Value of the Dollar has gone down 98% and the Debt the Federal Government owes has gone up over 5000 times. Yes you read that correctly. 98% and 5000 times. A Millionaire meant being wealthy not to long ago. Now in certain places you'd be hard pressed to find a 1500 sq foot shanty for a million dollars. You can't print yourself Silver and Gold. They have intrinsic value while paper or digital money does not. My solution is to do away with Fiat currency and it's inevitable collapse through Inflation/Hyperinflation. The average life span of a Fiat currency is 26 years. You don't get that with Silver and Gold. An ounce of Gold 100 years ago would buy yourself a nice tailored suit. Just as it would today (current value ~1300 USD). Returning to a Gold backed currency is one step but I do include Silver coins as well just for more stability. I would also like to implement that the money creator owners and employees be regulated to unparalleled highly transparent auditing and oversight. I mean that making the peoples tax records public, assets public and even an open to the public free tour of the Mint and Paper making areas. Transparency is king and secrecy is corrupt. You can't print Silver and Gold. Return to real money that has value."
"Censorship in general is stupid. I am sorry for the forfeiture. My grandma had two mini-strokes in under a week. One was on Friday, and we (my brother, mom, and dad) stayed in Toledo until Saturday when she was released from the hospital, so we left to go to my parents' house in Akron. On Saturday afternoon there was another TIA (mini-stroke/transient ischemic attack) and we immediately headed back to Toledo. We only just got home today. My grandma is doing well, she is home and my uncle and his wife and four kids are there. So is my grandpa. Again, sorry for the crappy debate."
"Should spanking be outlawed. It was one week ago when I accepted this debate, knowing that my opponent was a fool who thought that they could win with something out of a fifth-grader's argumentative essay. Now, with all exept the first round being forfeited by my foe, I realize just how misguided tmy opponent was. I am against abuse to children, along with everyone else, but physical discipline is completely different. There is a line between discipline and abuse, and this line is determined by why violence is being put into action. For every action there is a consequence, this truth can only be ignored by fools."
"This House Believes that the Social Contract is a viable political theory. Many thanks to Stephen for what I'm sure will be another interesting exercise, and of course, l accept. While I'm sure that PRO doesn't expect a perfectly sufficient exposition of social contract theory in such a limited space (especially where even a Ph.D. dissertation could hardly accomplish that task), I'll seek to outline in this round -more or less sketchily- the basics of what social contract theory is. In political philosophy, social contract theory accounts for society's origins as well as power relations between individuals and society. Social contract arguments posit that the legitimacy of society's exercising power over the individual stems from individual's tacit or explicit consent ""to the authority of the ruler or magistrate (or to the decision of a majority), in exchange for protection of their remaining rights."" (1) Hobbes, Locke, Rousseau and later Rawls are among the best known proponents of social contract theory. (2) I'll await Stephen's outlining his framework for what constitutes ""viability"" as it applies to political philosophy in the next round, as well as his arguments against social contract theory as such. (1) http://en.wikipedia.org... (2) http://www.iep.utm.edu..."
"That throwing inanimate objects at other inanimate objects is the best way to relieve anger/stress. Basically, I'm going to say to everybody who reads this that my opponent said it doesn't make sense. I never said you would hit your wife, I said you'd throw something at her. That point stands still strong. As for his example about the clown, throwing that big of a tantrum over a cupcake-shaped balloon? That's worse than hitting somebody for saying hi to you. Also, throwing a unicycle at somebody's car will get the cops called on you, that will cause you more stress, because it's vandalism. My points stand, my opponent's points drop. VOTE NEG!"
"Based on the available evidence, God probably doesn't exist. There is no published model regarding God. No evidence can be acquired that will prove or disprove God's existence. We are merely dealing with how probable it is, not proving it beyond reasonable doubt. Occam's Razor is therefore highly appropriate. Acceptable Evidence: - Experimental evidence is always acceptable. - Testimony is acceptable ONLY if it is first-hand and doesn't contradict experimental evidence, and it can ONLY detail the facts of what happened. So ""the preacher touched my leg and it was healed"" is okay, but ""the preacher touched my leg and God healed it"" is not. The witness doesn't know God healed them, they are just assuming. Anything from the Bible is invalid, because those people are dead and cannot testify. If somebody claims they saw a chair levitate, we must be able to gather evidence and then apply Occam's Razor (which usually shows that the person is delusional). - Documentary evidence is acceptable ONLY if the facts within can be verified by testimony and/or physical evidence. Which means the Bible is not a valid source, as it can be verified by neither. Points: - The appendix is still vestigial because it no longer serves one of its original functions, yet it still has the machinery to perform that function. - Here: http://www.nature.com... http://www.evolutionnews.org... https://www.google.co.nz... - Aside from the fact that the rest of the Bible tells us sex is immoral and shameful, your argument regarding male nipples simply doesn't work. If God gave men nipples for sexual pleasure, why didn't he stuff them with 8,000 nerve endings like he did with the clitoris? Either God made male nipples to get us off and he did a poor job, or Evolution made nipples for women and couldn't be stuffed making them gender-specific. The existence of an omnipotent, omniscient, omnipresent deity who is obsessed with whether hairless primates are virgins on their wedding nights is a FAR bigger assumption to make than the assumption that Natural Selection sometimes gives organisms traits that they don't need purely because it has no reason not to. - Random, unguided mutation is, by definition, random and unguided. This is in direct conflict with the idea of Intelligent Design, which states that God GUIDED the process of Evolution. - This is the last round I can argue and I have no idea what you consider to be adequate proof. Just refute my points and we'll let the voters decide if I made enough effort. Chances are they'll vote based on personal beliefs rather than how well we debated, but oh well."
"Hell is not what you think it is. Pro hell. No rebuttals for your verses because my belief is in line with your presented case, except for the fact that God does Not purposely send them to hell, some verses you listed refer to a specific group of people when he says send, but ultimately because they chose to be wicked they ultimately sent them self ""Would you say that your opening statement is focused around the fact that Hell is not used as a scare tactic, rather than focusing around the resolution?"" yes, this is my first debate on this site, and I am unfamiliar with proper presentation of what I was actually trying to convey, I am little green in debating in general so I wasn't clear and probably inaccurately started off my debate in the direction I wanted to go. But yes My Opening argument objectively hints at the fact I was arguing that Hell is Not a fear tactic, and Pro for the the fact that it is not, being aware that it can be used that way, but advocate that, it is not the way it is to be used or the proper use for it. ""Would you say Sinners don't neccesarily go to Hell?"" Sinners do go there according to my belief, but everyone can be saved, but have to make the choice, but in the end my answer also furthers your point if I cant refute that hell is NOT what you thought it was, which was i line with mine, then I inevitably lose, based on that being the argument I was ACTUALLY trying to covey, But based on my Opening, it is argued for the fact that hell is not a fear tactic, I don't Know if I'm allowed to present this argument as the main one. When I said in my title, Hell is not what you think it is, I did not intend that to be my argument, but as a title and my argument was displayed after clicking on it and looking further. At this point not sure where this debate will Go. Go ahead and answer my first 2 questions and I ask you 1 new one. What benefit does a Christian family member get by continuing to hold on to the belief of hell knowing what it entails and telling non saved family members"
"Freedom and Sovereignty. It is misleading on the oppositions part to argue that the UN does not possess jurisdiction over matters relating to nuclear power , when under the NPT, 194 out of the UN's 198 members, have their nuclear installations placed under IAEA regulations and checks. Indeed there is complete agreement over the fact that the spread of nuclear technology does, as the opposition terms it, constitute a ""clear threat to other nations"" which is why under the NPT the use of civilian nuclear power is monopolized to only those countries who sign the NPT and comply with its regulations. And those 4 countries that refuse to sign the NPT and exercise the right to a civilian nuclear program as a domestic matter are subject to intense UN sanctions. Thus the opposition’s argument about how civilian nuclear power is a ""domestic"" matter is opposite to how the international community understands this matter and the UN's official position on it. Furthermore the NPT was created so that countries could develop civilian nuclear programs without the proliferation of nuclear weapons technology or know how, the NPT however, has failed to do this. North Korea's case is an excellent example whereby it imported nuclear technology from other countries under the NPT for a civilian nuclear withdrew from the NPT and became a declared nuclear weapon state. Moreover the oppositions own statistics say that 10 out of the 30 countries that have nuclear programs have developed nuclear weapons, up from the original 5 NPT nuclear weapons states, shows that the only 5 countries that had reason for the development of nuclear weapons were able to develop them."
"Is Dance A Sport. Dance is a sport and I will argue with anyone that is against it. I want all of you haters of dance being a sport to learn one of our competition routines, go to our countless practices, perfect it, and perform it. We make it look easy because we are trained to, and yes we do sweat, we sweat because we are working hard and taking no breaks. Also if you say dance is only for girls and guys are weak if they dance, then go on YouTube and look up videos of guy dancers and you try and do the tricks and stunts they do. Finally if you look me straight in he eye and tell me that dance is weak and not a sport, I will kick you in the face no matter how tall you are."
EU expansion is right. It is right to extend the economic and political benefits enjoyed by existing EU members to the rest of Europe. States in eastern Europe are still recovering from the “dead hand” of communist rule imposed after deals between the USSR and the USA and Britain at the end of World War II. Many within the boundaries of the former Soviet Union such as Belarus and increasingly Ukraine have reverted to more authoritarian governments. These states should not be abandoned by their western neighbours.  Europe has just as much responsibility to those states within Europe that have so far been left out the European Union’s enlargement as it did to those countries of Central and Eastern Europe that were accepted in the most recent enlargements.
Freedom of choice. Why should we not be free to make nuclear bombs? Why should we not be free to kill another human being if they annoy us? Why? Because some things in life are more important than 'choice'. Why? Because we live in a society where our actions have implications upon everyone else. It would not be fair for some to strive to keep the environment clean whilst those with money show a blatant disregard just because they can afford to.
"Risk of executing innocent people undermines death penalty. Since 1973, 123 in 25 US states have been released from death row with evidence of their innocence.[10] The Innocence project indicated that more than 150 people have been exonerated on the basis of DNA testing that concluded that they were innocent.[11] This appears to create a likelihood that many individuals have actually been executed that were innocent. This is too many, particularly when the executed are seen as innocent victims of the state. This is harmful to the state and the judicial system, and is sufficient evidence to shut down the practice."
"Big business has demonstrated predisposition to valuing profit over community interests. The legislative framework and historical behaviour governing and guiding the operation of big business is geared towards maximising shareholder returns [1]. This propensity has been demonstrated time and again and might suggest that the GM companies are not modifying the food in the interests of better health, but of better profit. This is reinforced by the nature of many of the GM modifications, including terminator seeds (infertile seed requiring a re-purchase of seed stock each season), various forms of pest and herbicide resistance potentially leading to pests (and weeds) resistant to the current crop of chemical defences. One of the more disturbing manifestations of this is the licensing of genes that are naturally occurring and suing those who dare to grow them, even if they are there because of cross contamination by wind-blown seeds or some other mechanism. One has only to look at the history of corporations under North American and similar corporations law to see the effect of this pressure to perform on behalf of the shareholder. The pollution of water supplies, the continued sale of tobacco, dioxins, asbestos, and the list goes on. Most of those anti-social examples are done with the full knowledge of the corporation involved, e.g. tobacco sales. Incidentally, one effective (though difficult) way to reduce pressure on your national health service or public health system is to stop people, selling, buying and using tobacco. An article by Michael Pollan [2] illustrates this quite starkly: ""By ''opening and using this product,'' the card stated, I was now ''licensed'' to grow these potatoes, but only for a single generation; the crop I would water and tend and harvest was mine, yet also not mine. That is, the potatoes I will harvest come August are mine to eat or sell, but their genes remain the intellectual property of Monsanto, protected under numerous United States patents, including Nos. 5,196,525, 5,164,316, 5,322,938 and 5,352,605. Were I to save even one of them to plant next year - something I've routinely done with potatoes in the past - I would be breaking Federal law."" [11] Dr Janis Sarra quoted in Bakan, J. The Corporation: The pathological pursuit of profit and power. [12] Michael Pollan (1998-10-25). ""Playing God in the Garden"", The New York Times Magazine, [online] available at http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9D03EFD8143DF936A15753C1A96E958260&sec=&spon=&pagewanted=all"
"The Universe is a Collective Conciousness. First off. This is not a tentative belief of mine, But rather a hypothetical argument. Here are my supporting arguments. P1) Everything that is known has physical properties. P2) Consciousness Exists. C1) Consciousness is a physical property. P3) Nothing known to exist has ever been known not to exist. P4) Consciousness exists. C2) Consciousness always existed. P5) Consciousness is a physical property. P6) All physical properties come from particles. C3) Consciousness must be part of particles. P7) Conscious beings experience a singular consciousness. P8) Conscious beings consists of many particles C4) Particles can share consciousness. P9) Particles can share consciousness P10) The universe is made from particles. C5) The universe is a collective consciousness."
"God's incompetence - 3rd try!. Note: This is a third attempt at this debate - the first two are not yielding strong enough debates. This is only open to religious folk and please directly address whether the actions of God show his incompetence._______________________________________________________________________________________________Believers like to claim that God is perfect and all powerful but his actions belie that claim:1. He is constantly getting humanity wrong. Adam & Eve, The Flood, Babel all show that he clearly has little understanding of what free will means and is constantly having to have do overs.2. The three religions that he created clearly shows that he is poor at communicating his aims properly. From the 10 commandments onwards, he appears to not have his own rules about how he should be worshipped down pat. Even worse, his lack of clarity and his ambiguity has opened the doors to tens of thousands of denominations.3. He also can't even keep his physical creations consistent, having to work around its limitations with special miracles and one-off events that cannot be explained and indeed are contradictory to known science. Surely better planning and more flexible specifications for the universe would have avoided these cheats.In summary, God is incompetent in creating a universe that he doesn't have to bang into place and cheat, mis-managing his creation of humans from free-will to how we're supposed to appropriately worship him.Thoughts?"
"Human cloning would enable infertile couples to have children. ""Human Cloning is Good"". Help Me.com - ""Many other individual supports believe that with cloning, infertile couples could have children. Despite getting a fair amount of publicity in the news current treatments for infertility, in terms of percentages, are not very successful. One estimate is that current infertility treatments are less than 10 percent successful. Couples go through physically and emotionally painful procedures for a small chance of having children. Many couples run out of time and money without successfully having children."""
"This House Will abolish streaming students into classes of differing academic aptitude. Let me summarize my opponent's position: There exists an educational system in which youths are segregated based on mental acuity/capacity. This system, according to CON, is wrong in that it is a form of discrimination. It is also wrong in indirectly harnessing an egotistic nature in the students who are on the beneficial end of the segregation spectrum; promoting condescension. My opponent's argument is an invariably moral one, attacking the morality of this type of separation. It also calls into question the implications and impact of such potential elites' moral decisions, paving the way to a society of egotistical individuals who aggressively prioritize personal gains/pleasures over that of the proportionally larger number of lesser-developed society. This is purely theoretical: I may patronize my fellow people, but that doesn't mean I have no moral incentive to sustain their survival, happiness, or well-being. Engineer/philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein was known to be one of the most egomaniacal geniuses of his time. He disdained the society of lesser educated people, choosing to mingle with only the more intellectual students. His impossibly high standard to which he subjugated himself and others shaped his life. Under its rigidity, he was able to push himself into spewing original philosophy. He discarded much of his wealth, lived frugally, and frequently worked toward charitable means. Immanuel Kant, although less extreme, was of similar disposition. Kant was also a genius. He was a groundbreaking philosopher who worked tirelessly. Being of very high educational standards, he disliked associated himself with those who are not 'culturally developed'. This bias was so pronounced that he wouldn't even deign to meet his siblings, all of whom he considered unworthy society. He has, nonetheless, given a great portion of his earnings to fund his sisters' livelihoods. This proves that such snobbish people are able to make sacrifices for the greater good of others. My other contention: nothing matters, so this, obviously, doesn't matter either. Nothing is obligatory unless toward a goal. These goals are likewise unimportant. There is no pressing reason for anything at all. I can explain this in further rounds if necessary (just ask, unless you get where I'm coming from, in which case, your resolution is negated), my mother wants her computer. :("
"Spiders are vicious. Having been bitten by spiders, I have a different opinion. I was waking up regularly with painful red welts that were bites of some kind. They would grow until they exploded an off white pus. After accumulating more than a few of these bites I decided to thoroughly clean my apartment. While vacuuming I pulled my bed out and a large brown spider fell. It had a huge web on the side same side of my bed I was getting bit on. Another time I was trying to get in my front door past 2 jumping spiders and as I passed they both jumped at me and one bit me. One more, I was cleaning my basement and I a black widow came out. My dog was sleeping and the black widow ran under him, bit him and my dog died. I've had plenty of experiences with feisty and often mean spiders."
"Cameras in classrooms. Honey, how old are you? This world is not the same that it was ten years ago. Things happen in school all the time, just ask teenages (there is your proof). Whenever the teacher is writing on the board, students can always pass pills. The school would not have to worry about money, since Americans will more than likely be paying for it. Seriously, having teachers getting laid off, has nothing to do with this topic. This would be a safer place with cameras and I don't see why you do not agree with me. Would you want you child going to a place with bulling, drugs, etc. going on without cameras or proctection. Whenever I pass this bill in the state of Kentucky, then I will gladly message you and tell you how well everything is going with the cameras being in the classrooms. I have so much more to say, but I'm in a hurry. I will message you more later."
"Wikipedia is a Fairly Accurate Resource. Wikipedia.org is one of the top ten most visited websites the internet has to offer, but takes a lot of heat for being inaccurate and not reliable. Personally, I've never been allowed to site Wikipedia for any research I've done in school. I find, however, that Wikipedia is almost always flawless, usually only not perfect because of a simple grammar mistake. Wikipedia has an entire network set up to ensure that their articles aren't vandalized or edited by misinformed people. Some say that since anyone can edit Wikipedia, it's not reliable. That's not entirely true, however. There is a complex class system of articles, so that important articles can only be edited by qualified people. For example, the article on George Washington is what is called ""semi-protected"". In a nutshell, unconfirmed users cannot edit it. But there are many different forms of protection, all of which can be found on Wikipedia's Protection Policy page (Ref. 1). But does this network of article protection work? How hard is it to be a ""confirmed"" user? Not very difficult, but not worth your time for a simple prank. With 4 days of holding an account and 10 edits, a user can be autoconfirmed, and capable of changing popular data across Wikipedia. However, with over 20 million named accounts on Wikipedia, false data doesn't stand very long. There will always be vandals, but there will always be many, many, MANY more reviewers. Despite this, there are still many people point to other resources like Encyclopedia Britannica as a defense that Wikipedia isn't accurate, with the assumption that Britannica is far more accurate than Wikipedia. How true is that claim? Luckily, there was a study on this very topic. Nature (a science journal) took articles from random topics from both Wikipedia and Britannica, and had experts compare the articles, one from each website on a single topic, side-by-side. The results were fascinating. The number of errors were almost equal. Major errors were equal, minor errors clocked in at 2.92 per article for Britannica, and 3.86 errors for Wikipedia. In conclusion, neither website is better in the grand scheme of things, but for any given article there may be 1 or 2 more misleading sentences or instances of missing information on Wikipedia than you will find on Britannica. Wikipedia is one of the world's favorite sites, and one of the most hated. Someone quickly looking up who won the Battle of Bunker Hill will enthusiastically click on the link to Wikipedia, but school teachers won't have any part of Wikipedia's ""false information."" It's unfortunate, since it is one of the most accurate resources available on the internet. Encyclopedia Britannica has Wikipedia beat because of a couple better-worded sentences, but you just can't beat the diversity and magnitude of Wikipedia. But best of all, it's free... in more ways than one. References: 1. https://en.wikipedia.org..."
"Many symbols are seen as a symbol of oppression on women. Religious symbols are not seen as oppressive by those who choose to wear them. Many Muslim women view the veil as a means to protect their modesty and privacy. Just as we would not force any women to be seen in public in her underwear if she did not feel comfortable doing so, why should a woman be forced to show her hair if she does not want to? Modesty is a personal judgement call; some are comfortable in the smallest bikini while others prefer a lot more clothing. No one but the woman herself should make that decision. In fact, concerning the ban of the veil in Belgium, Muslim women have immediately challenged it and regard the ban as discriminatory.1 1 'Belgian ban on full veils comes into force', BBC News Europe, 23rd July 2011, accessed on 23rd July 2011"
"Redistribution of Wealth. I'm unable to tell if your latest argument is sarcasm or genuine regret. A year ago - for that matter, eight months ago - I thought the same as you did. Even when I accepted this debate, I held a passionate distaste for those who possessed more money than they and their children would ever need and yet continued to accumulate more without assisting people who truly needed that money. But no matter how ethically or morally bankrupt I might consider them, I reluctantly acknowledge that they have rights as well. You're obviously very passionate on the subject, and I hope you retain that passion and go on to help make the world a better place. I really do. If more people thought that way, if more people practised philanthropy on their own (though I have demonstrated that some do, and I have demonstrated how US private aid is higher than US governmental aid), the world would certainly be much improved. The remedy, I believe, is more time and knowledge than force. My opponent concedes all my arguments and the debate."
"Examinations should be banned. Exams definitely should not be banned. ""The affirmative side said that exams are only a snapshot in time, and that if people remember an answer after a test, then that could stop them from getting the results they desired. Clearly, this is incorrect because if they cannot remember an answer during the exam, then they did not study it enough for it to be permanently existent in their minds, and maybe they do not deserve the results they desired. "" The affirmative team also said that exams bring extreme levels of stress, which can lead to things as extreme as suicide "" but again this is wrong because there are many different outlets in which stress can be erased, whether it is relaxation, seeking help from a teacher or trusted adult, or even channelling the stress into motivation. Without that stress there to push you forward, how many students do you believe will actually study or put effort into their schoolwork? It is almost fair to say that stress is necessary throughout the course of your school years, so why should we ban exams because of that? ""The affirmative team also argued that exams do not accurately measure the strengths or weaknesses of students. Does that mean we have to ban them? Of course not "" there are many other options other than exams that can lead towards final results. For example, and art student""s major mark will not come from an exam, but from their folio, or their final piece of artwork. Why would we ban exams when they do accurately reflect students"" capabilities? Only students that are capable have the exams lead to their final results, and it isn't like we haven""t been taught what we need to know. If students do not pay enough attention during class time to learn the required knowledge, then perhaps they do not deserve to get a high exam result."
"This house will legalize the sale of organs. My opponent failed to provide an argument, even though he was given multiple opportunities to do this. He even has admitted that I ""won the debate"", though he believes I should take a tie since I didn't accept one of his rules when beginning the debate. I'll speak briefly on why this rule is unreasonable and why I was still in the right to accept the debate. First, let's discuss why the rule was unresonable. To be clear, we're discussing his requirement to have a 3,000+ ELO in order to accept the debate. As I have recently explained, the ELO is a bell curve, meaning particularly high ELO's are rare. My opponent points out that 291 people have an ELO of over 3,000, but fails to realize that this site has 29,380 members. This means less that 1% of all people who have made an account on this site have the required ELO. Now many of these users are inactive, while the people at the top are likely to be more active. Despite this, its still reasonable to assume the percentage of 3,000+ ELO debaters who would be online during the time the debate was in the challenge period is quite low. This is important for two reasons. 1. The sheer few potential debaters means the debate likely would not be accepted under the opponent's draconian rule. 2. Given the opponent's relatively low ELO (2,300 as compared to 3,000), it is not likely that a high ELO'er would even consider taking the debate in the first place. Now that we can see how unlikely it is that this debate would have been accepted by someone conforming to rule #2, we must look at why it was still better for me to take this debate. Debates, in the very nature, are designed for intellectual discourse -- a way of discussing and analyzing ideas. Debates in which debating actually occurs are often educational to anyone who reads/watches them and are of particular intellectual benefit to the debaters themselves. By accepting this debate, I made the conscious decision to insure that the debate happened. It would be far less beneficial to the public had this debate simply timed out and never happened. This should have been clear to the opponent, however it seems to have gone unnoticed by him. Despite several offerings that he could still present his argument and depite the fact that my lengthy responses are some indication that am I willing to delve into and explore this topic, my opponent has done nothing but complain. Carry over my arguments from the previous round."
"Is Government Necessary. while that is true, people wouldn't even know about a person's ""unalienable rights"". The government has certain points where it is necessary and helpful. But there are more times where the government is more interested in protecting itself and are more interested in doing what they want to do than the people of the country. Passing obscene laws like the safe act and other gun regulations for starters. Does the government really believe that taking away a persons right to self defense is the right thing to do? If someone wants to use a gun to kill people they are not going to go to a gun store, they are going to buy it illegally. Instead of punishing the American people the government should be allowing people to own self defense weapons. The only thing the government wants is to make as much money as possible while doing what they want whether it is in the nations best interest or not."
"Are kids being melodramatic. Thank you for this lovely debae. You have also kept an open mind and I agree with some of your points. However, there is something I noticed. It seems you and me have already gotten a grip on our emotions and how to handle them in a calm and fluent matter, and that most kids are just blanking out with this stuff. One thing I have noticed is that maybe they are not depressed at all. I find this interesting that they go to youtube of all places when they could scream at someone who actually tries to comfort tem to go away. Then why go to such a public place like Youtube? The answer is this, and almsot every kid wants it at least some point: Attention. One of the definitions os Melodrama is that someone is, like being overly sad, is being overly dramatic. Having thousands of people sympathize with you while your sad might be an ideal way of cheering someone up instintly, or maybe it is a desperate bid for attention. If I had to decide if it was actual sadness or attention with that ""Cut's for Beieber"" thing, it would have to be an attention scheme. Even so, kids can still be sad, and they can go cry on the internet or write deep poetry or stuff like that. And its true that every person sees something differently in his or her's individual way, all unique, and I agree with you that everyone is different. There are some people who just can't get a grip. But, that's why we are here. Fellows like you and me who already know how to handle it are here to teach others how to do the same. That way, everybody wins, and everybody is happy. So, back to the main point. Are kids being melodramatic? Well yes, but, they may not know it just yet. That's why we have to point it out so they can fix it before it haunts them for the rest of their lives. And yes, some things are out of their control, like say, a lost relative, but remember, Im just talking about the pointless stuff. We are all different when it comes to dealing with stuff, but that doesn't mean we can't offer help. No sir or madam, we can help the melodrama to become...not melodrama. Also, sorry about your bird. Thanks for making this a nice debate. Good luck with the votes."
"US Schools don't teach students important information. It's time schools stop focusing on how egyptians wrapped dead bodies and start focusing on recent history and the furute. It's time for kids to learn things like CPR and how to change a tire. Art and Music should be optional while technology should be manditory. The world is consently devoloping around software and systems like HTML, Java, and other codes that will be absolutely crutial for the poeple of the future. The educational system needs to be reformed and built around sience, technology, engineering, math and english."
"Euthanasia Should Be Legal In America. Well as I said before, Americans are guaranteed the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. By denying someone euthanasia, you are denying them their rights to life and happiness. By denying a dying patient mercy, you are torturing them and taking away their liberty. How is it right to force someone to do something they do not want to do?"
"Limerick Rap Battle 2. Look at my man tryna sell records, ya broken stuck, jammed, frozen, ere have a token so you can eat tonight my brother so you can sleep tonight like mother teresa, I'm a SAINT awoken You say ima one, nah I'm the ONE nein for craziness, so dont even fvck wid me son i bring the fire scorching hot burns you just a liar with mental pre-dental concerns bro, you weigh 5 tonne, I'll smack you over the head like pette dunne, nah we ain't done This is just the start mate I wasn't never any good at the wheelcart it's jus too much hassle i got me own fvckin cas'le I'm nero, you zero like guilty midas, you a sell out for a soul n a tart you say I'm bland fam you got my d1ck in hand man talks about dic-tionary he so retarded he brings a chess board to a game of pictionary google sand glass, shattered ya dreams tattered man will score hattricks like mbappe YouTube wadali 'tappe' ya life will change ya style rearrange mans a master, ya gal- disaster BATTERED..."
"The God exist. In the last round, I asked my opponent to: 1) Define God 2) Discuss how or why he can know God exists, without relying on scripture 3) What proof he has that God exists Pro has failed to address any of those 3 questions, so again I don't have much to respond to. My opponent has the burden of proof. I can't argue against the evidence that God exists if he doesn't provide any evidence for me to refute. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - To respond to the few points Pro makes, he mentions: 1) What makes you think the holy scripture is made by God? Response - I never said that God created holy scripture. 2) He says he agrees that ""everything is man made"" (which I never suggested), but asks who created the super atom. Response - I have no idea who, if anyone or anything, created the super atom. He has to prove that God did. 3) He asks if the Big Bang is the origin of matter. Response - Science suggests that it is; however, the evidence is not concrete. Still, just because I do not necessarily KNOW the origin of matter (or the origin of everything) doesn't mean that we have to attribute the creation of everything in existence to God, especially if my opponent cannot define or describe God. 4) He asks what makes me think that holy scripture will defend God. Response - Of course, I never said such a thing. 5) Finally, Pro says that the reason for creation or everything in the universe is unknown. Response - I completely agree. Pro has to prove that we should attribute it to God, but I submit that we have no reason to suppose that we should regardless of scripture."
If all member states held a referendum on all EU treaties nothing would get passed. There is a difference between holding a referendum for every decision and holding one for important constitutional changes that will affect a nation's future sovereignty. The logistics and the fear of rejection should not be a reason to not hold a referendum. If anything the current controversy surrounding the war on Iraq and its legality is proof that referendums are fundamental in important issues to ensure that the ruling government still reflects the will of the people.
"It is perfectly acceptable for 4 year-old girls to date adult men and play with them. 4 year-old girls are already mentally developed for a relationship and perfectly capable of dating adult men. It is within their rights to date adult men if they want to. Girls of age 4 should be encouraged to make their own choices about life and be encouraged to spend time with people they like. This sometimes includes spending time with adult men, Which can be a lot of fun and beneficial for both. What if a 4 year-old girl wants to play with a 60 year-old man, But her family disapproves and forbids such a relationship? That family is clearly toxic and bad influence on the 4 year-old girl. 4 year-old girl is perfectly capable of choosing who to play with, And as such should be given the opportunity to explore herself and others in a safe way, The way in benefits both her and the adults she is spending time with."
"University should be free. Thankyou for your argument Now I shall start my second argument. Your argument is contradictory because you first agree to my point that universities should be free from the quote: ""We need more intelligent people in this world and having a free university would help a lot"", but then you argue points for it not to be free, so you agree then disagree. You live in the United states but i live in the United kingdom so we are in different situations."
"Wonderking is good!. You're seriously kidding right? Dude, everything on earth is based on comparisons. For example, if there was a guy that had 50 IQ and another with 150 IQ, you would say that the guy with the 50IQ was retarded compare to the other person. If there weren't any people to compare it to, then what would the guy with 50 IQ be called? Same with Wonderking and the other games. Wonderking, I am positive does not have thousands of players, since it has only 2 servers and you probably did not even play it at all. And not just compared to maplestory, but many many other games, they have millions of players. And as for your response to my questioning of Wonderking having a limited choice of leveling, mature party quests? Really? Let's see, in maplestory, there are jump quests, quests where you have to collect certain amounts of items, and even better, party quests, where you can team up with your friends and go through a set maze or dungeon until you reach the boss. Yes and that is very mature right? (sarcasm) Next, you ARE basing your argument only on the fact that Wonderking has thousands of players therefore it must be god which makes no sense whatsoever. How do you know that every single person in that game likes it and finds it fun? Maybe some join it just to chat with their friends? And still others can play it just to try it out? Finally, fine, I won't use WoW nor Guild Wars since apparently you know nothing about any other games that have thousand times the quality of Wonderking's crappy graphics. As an example, you can look at Combat Arms ( don't worry its free). Its quality is more or less the same as Call of Duty, and if not, definitely better than Wonderking. You can also go on gameogre.com to find more games that have better graphics. Furthermore, Wonderking is exactly the same as the horrible graphics that were on gameboy advances years earlier. What's the point of paying a retarded game that looks exactly like an ancient console game when you can play much better graphics?"
"A serious look at Proposition’s logic. Refuting our first argument team Opp stated: Opposition Prop itself hints at an alternative way around bloc voting, stating that there's ""absence of an objectively determined criteria when defining HR violation"", but this is certainly no reason to put an end to this important council. Rather, a criteria can be set by the same body that erected the UNHRC and elects its members - the General Assembly. Now they changed their strategy, claiming that such criteria cannot exist in a UN body. In this argument they agree with us that the criteria would in fact mean abolition, and that POLITICS come before HR in the UNHRC. UNHRC is comprised of 47 rotating members. Compared to GA’s 193 we see a clear limitation of the “politization” and participation of “all nations worldwide”. The absolute veto power of members of the Security Council is another example. Different bodies have different needs; partially limiting the politicization in order to achieve effectiveness is not a new concept in the UN, and there is no reason why it shouldn’t be used if it brings sufficient benefits. Replacing the political approach with criteria (when determining if HR violation occurred)will not undermine the intergovernmental structure of the body,nor decrease cooperation. It is only natural that the members of the body will AGREE upon the criteria as they AGREE on the statute when a new body is created. As we stated earlier, the members will still vote on actions, strategies, recommendations etc. When a body needs a decade to react on a genocide, (in spite of massive pleas for help from the citizens) there is obviously a malfunction in that body. In our previous arguments we showed how the mechanisms present in the status quo are unable to stop bloc voting, allow major HR violators to become members and avoid prosecution, and allow obvious violations to be ignored. If partially limiting the politization solves these problems it is reasonable to do so."
"Terrorists use our own media to terrify our people and create a climate of fear. Attempting to prevent your public ever having to deal with the terrifying realities of events in the international world is doomed to failure. People always manage to find out about some aspect of terrorist attacks one way or the other, and fear is spread, not contained, when the public don’t feel the government is telling them the truth. In reality, people rarely change their behaviour as a result of fear generated by terrorism – use of the London underground revived rapidly after the July 7th Bombings, and use of air travel soon recovered from the impact of 9/11."
"Rap Battle. Yo rappa with the skin color brown. With this rap, you may frown And while frownin you may drown. This is not a debate, its mere bait. Bait for debate. Wait. This is just a rookie performance. This beating of you is all for my convenience. You should give up before your mom puts you on clearance. When I'm done with this rap, everyone will go boom baby. I will win, not too shabby."
"US Hegemony is bad. - Youre assuming the US is going to aggrivate backlash. A good hegemon and any hegemon are two different things. The US has sustained its placment as a hegemon and used that to get the UN and its related bodies to promote US interest. - Countries will see the US as an enemy no matter what. unless you suggest we purposley down grade our selves as to not be powerful enough for anyone to care, we will always have the threat of opposistion. US hegemony only places us in a better position to deal with it. - actually, since the end of the Sp.-Am. war over 100 years ago, weve been the forefront of world politics. We established the league of nations, we established NATO, our envolvment ended WWII and started Vietnam, we have been consistantly upholding the TR corallary in our hemisphere and have front runners for the war on drugs/arms. Soviet Russia was known for paying little attention to organizations like the LON or UN. - i agree that we have become multi-polar and that nuclear prolif. is a threat. But i cant agree that US hegemony has any logical tie nor that a lack of it will solve the problem."
"The Reverend Wright scandal with Barack Obama will prevent him from having a chance to become prez. To conclude this debate you did not do a very decent job at adressing the points raised. Your attepmts were...entertaining to say the least, but they fell short of an actual response to my points. You said: This proves my point, he has been his priest for 23 years and has never heard any of these remarks before. His judgement is hurt severely. But Obama says: Did I know him to be an occasionally fierce critic of American domestic and foreign policy? Of course. Did I ever hear him make remarks that could be considered controversial while I sat in church? Yes. Did I strongly disagree with many of his political views? Absolutely... You failed to prove anything, Obama said he realizes that his Former pastor has made comments like these in the past. You say that Barack claims to never of heard anything like this before. You say: If I had a uncle who called certain people with passion, that they are n@#$%^ or other hateful speech, I would not be friends with them. so you would disown a family member like an uncle due to some racy statements? The whole speech that Barack made was about unity amoung race. How we should accept all even those who hate and show them we are better than that, and we are willing to come together and remove our differeneces. You say Obama still did not tackle the issue head on about race and Rev. Wright. Did you even read the speech? (or whatch it?) I gave segements of it here, and every display I provided, was very straight forward and honest. As far as national polls go, USA Today/Gallup polls show Obama leading McCain by three points. Newsweek shows Obama 1 point ahead of McCain, nationally, as well as a CNN poll. The polls aren't what matters. You must remember McCain has a high poll # because he is the only republican choice, on the other side the split between Clinton and Obama is getting more and more difficult for undecided voters and democrat voters every day. And by the way this speech added an extra 2 point lead against Hilliary, so I guess the Rev.Wright issue didn't affect as many voters as you think. Thank you for the debate, it was stimulating and enjoyable. I hope to debate you again sometime."
"Putin's Russia is not democratic. First of I would like to point out that I am not really a Putin fan. Although lots of his economic polcies have helped his country retain some of its majesty he has many things wrong with him. For one his country's UN delegates have been supporting Iran and Sudan and put their own interest above human rights or international secuirty (though the CIA say that Iran's not as dangerous as was previosuly believed). In addition his country still lacks basic freedoms (like press), but this does not mean it is not democratic. Most election observers agree that electoral fraud was minimal at worst and one can most certainly not refute that he has the support of the Russian populace behind him, with popularity ratings about double Bush's. And isn't that the defintion of democracy? To have elections that accuratly point the people's choice of leadership? Certainly Russia's values are the same as free liberal-democratic states and their constutution differs from ours and they aren't really a free country but that does not mean they are not a democracy."
"Abortion before the third trimester. Point A: We are in agreement Point B: Just because we disagree on the matter doesn't refute my position that the basis for laws lie in societal morality. As for your statistics citing the beliefs of many to believe abortion is immoral, I first say that those statistics are actually those who believe in God, and you assume that they are against abortion. That means by no means that they are against abortion, and even those who are probably aren't against abortions as we are defining them in this context as before the third trimester. If THAT isn't enough, people's ideals fluctuate all the time, so until you prove that the general populace was always against abortion, then your argument doesn't refute my own. My position is that the basis of laws lies in societal morality because the people who made our countries put what they believed to be right in our Constitution so that those values would be protected. Just because your views or my views, or even the majority of society's views that abortions are immoral in the context of religion or personal belief doesn't mean that, when put in the context of society, should be illegalized because the fact of the matter is that it IS protected by the Constitution that was made for the greater good of our society, and so to violate that protection by illegalizing abortion before the third trimester would be like spitting on our forefathers. Point C: Once again, the Supreme Court doesn't just randomly suggest some definition from nowhere; it is determined by political realities as well as how they believe the founding fathers would have thought. Who are you to say that they just randomly pick a definition, especially when you don't provide a better one? As I do recall, you cited Websters, and also didn't disagree with me on my point that the highest authority on constitutional matters, the Supreme Court, has probably the most viable definition seeing as it is their job to decide such matters."
"Implementing this measure is perfectly possible, although the details of its application will vary f... This measure is highly impractical and heavy-handed, as well as being discriminatory. Some religions have clear and organised hierarchies with full-time qualified and salaried priests or ministers; others rely upon part-time prayer leaders, religious teachers, preachers and pastors. Can we always tell whether someone is a minister of religion who should be banned, or merely a person whose deep faith involves them in spiritual and community leadership, but who relies upon other employment to make a living and so should be eligible for election? Should we ban everyone who has ever taught a Sunday school class or led a Bible study group?"
"EU has the will to defend the Euro. ""Statement following the meeting of the Heads of States and Government of the Euro Area Brussels"". José Manuel Durão Barroso. May 2010 ""The important point common to all these agreed elements today is that we will defend the euro whatever it takes. We have several instruments at our disposal and we will use them. The European Institutions – Council, Commission, European Central Bank and of course the Euro area Member States. This was the clear decision unanimously taken today."""
"Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran, and all the countries that end with ""istan""should make their own continent. To start off, i wanted to put all those middle eastern countries in the title but my debate title only allowed 100 characters so i had to state th main ones. it is not one of the worst ideas you have ever heard because it makes sense if you think about it for all of those who are gonna vote, just think about it when you consider asia, you think of all the eastern countries, most people would not be able to place these countries in a continent. Since they practice similar religions, it wouldn't be that hard -- who said a continent had to be made up of countries with indetical beliefs anyway tarzan you made a good point but you are not answering the debate, we would not be violating it wtf this new continent would bring them unity your last sentence:""If the people that live there want their own continent, let them make that decision."" thats is exactly what i said, should THEY not us but THEY making it THEIR decision you read this debate completly wrong"
"I'm Pro-Gun: Change my Mind. Ok now i almost understand your point of view. So i ask you frankly if you think assault weapon shouldn't be banned, then are you against the movement of March for our lives ? Then you would think this movement is quite stupid right ? But we all agree and you should strongly agree with us that we should have background check on all guns sales. Nobody should oppose this. Background check is meant to keep guns out of dangerous people. Anyone who argue that background check does not work is really retarded. 99 % of experts agree that background check is the best approach to end gun violence. Background check has nothing to do with infringe the right to bear arms. It doesn't violate 2n amendment. terrorist,criminals,domestic abusers and mental ill are not well regulated militia. How about if we do like this . Let's make gun regulation like in Germany. Germany has fourth highest gun ownership but the lowest gun death. How did they achieve that ? Germany has strong background check Germany has safety storage on guns Germany has gun registry and gun license Germany banned fully automatic weapon and also semi atuomatic weapon that cannot be used for hunting and sports. And Lastly most important point is Germany does not guaranteed the right to self defense. It's illegal in Germany to use guns for self defense. Concealed carry permit is forbidden. Look i want to send important message to Hunters and Sportsmen. ' I AM NOT GOING TO TAKE AWAY YOUR GUNS. IF YOU WANT TO USE GUNS FOR HUNTING I FULLY SUPPORT IT. I AM NOT GOING TO TAKE YOUR RIGHT AWAY. MY GRANDFATHER ALSO LIKE TO ENJOY HUNTING. BESIDES THERE IS NO NEED TO PROTECT YOURSELVE FROM TYRANNICAL GOVERNMENT AND YES I TRUST TRUMP AND THE GOVERNMENT. THEY ARE NOT DANGEROUS AT ALL. WE ARE IN THE 21TH CENTURY. AMERICA IS AN INDEPENDENT DEMOCRATIC COUNTRY. THERE ARE NO SLAVERY AND COLONIES ANYMORE."
"My opponent has just lost the game. I look forward to having a rigorous philosophical debate! =) My opponent has not posted all the rules of ""the game"". Therefore I will do so now. In this link [1] you will find all the rules of the game. Contention 1:I did not just lose the game. I actually lost ""the game"" before I took this debate. If you look at the rules of the game, after you lose the game you have 30 minutes in which you cannot lose the game. So you do not lose the game every time you think about it. You lose the game after you have not been thinking about it for 30 minutes. Since I was thinking about the game before I was even sent this challenge I did not lose the game at the time of accepting this debate. Nor did I lose the game at the time of reading the debate prior to accepting it. Now It is probable that most people here don't know about these rules and have only just been enlightened. But this is the same game that my opponent is talking about, and the same game that is constantly being brought up in discussion on this website (and who knows where else). Therefore according to the rules I did not just lose the game. My opponent needs to prove that at the time I accepted this debate I lost the game. I have proven otherwise. Contention 2: The game does not hold any power. It is completely made up like my opponent says, it is a mind game. I could just as easily make up another game with the following rules: 1. I am always playing this game no matter what unless I wish to stop playing it. 2. While I am playing ""this game"" I cannot lose ""the game"". The game that I made up has just as much power as ""the game"" and therefore by it's rules I cannot lose ""the game"". ""The game"" is completely made up, my game is completely made up as well. They are just the same only with different rules. I do not see why I would not be allowed to make up a mind game like this one, when someone else makes up a game very similar to it. I have given 2 reasons as too why I did not just lose the game. Therefore vote con. [1] http://www.funnycorner.net..."
"Catholicism is NOT real Christianity. My responses to my opponents rebuttals: 1) It is true that the Catholics believe in the existence of God and Jesus. However, according to the Bible, Satan knows they exist as well: ""Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble."" (James 2:19). The difference is that Christians believe, and show their belief by obeying God's Word. Satan as well as Catholics acknowledge the existence of God, but they disobey Him. The fact that the Catholic canon contains 12 more books than Christians is irrelevant; these apocryphal books are set in the Old Testament. The validity of these extra books is for another debate. My opponent fails to quote from the ""Catholic Bible"" where it says to pray to dead saints as a mediator. It must be remembered that in II Timothy 2:5 it is said that the only mediator between God and man is Christ and Christ alone. 2) The Bible says nothing about democracy because the Bible is not a political essay. The Bible does, however, speak of human rights, quite extensively. Please read: http://www.gotquestions.org... The fact that democracy is not specifically mentioned (though government is spoken about quite a bit), is very different than the Bible talking about church. Obviously the Bible will speak more of church than of politics. What does it say about the church and its leader? ""And he [Jesus] is the head of the body, the church..."" (Colossians 1:18a) 3) Romans 3:4: ""God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged."" It does not matter if they think they are only honoring her. If they were really Christian they would read their Bibles and see that this is idolatry. 4) It is true that the Bible never says to celebrate Christmas. It was a pagan celebration, proving my point. When the Romans were still pagans, they celebrated ""Christmas"", e.i., December 25. When the Romans founded the Catholic religion, they simply changed the names of characters in their old religion to ""fit"" with Christianity. The celebration of Christmas is due to the Catholic religion, proving that they have pagan roots. 5) How can false Christian doctrine be Christian?"
"Banning collisions would give unfair advantage to runner/catcher. Ricky Doyle. ""Buster Posey's Injury Unfortunate, But Home-Plate Collisions Still Have Place in Baseball."" NESN. May 29th, 2011: ""Collisions at home plate aren't always necessary, and should be occur sparingly, but to regulate them would inevitably hand either the baserunner or the catcher an unnecessary advantage in close-play situations. If Major League Baseball was to employ a rule stating that runners must avoid contact with the catcher -- similar to the 'slide or avoid' rule employed in amateur baseball -- it would give the advantage to the catcher. The catcher would have the benefit of dictating the course of action that a baserunner must take, and would -- perhaps more importantly -- have peace of mind knowing that there is no chance of an ensuing collision. If Major League Baseball was to make a rule stating that the catcher cannot block the plate, the advantage would certainly go to the baserunner, who would enjoy the luxury of a straight path to the most sacred ground on a baseball diamond."""
"Gay Is Okay. The U.S. recently passed the law allowing gay couples to get married, but some how, people decide it's still worth protesting against. I still don't understand why. Gay just means that two people of the same gender fall in love. There is no harm in loving someone. According to society and the media, relationships are in, so why is a relationship with two guys or girls bad? Twaimz (Issa) once made a video on YouTube called 'You're Gay' in which he protested against haters and stood up for the people who just wanted to love. ""Why hate someone because they love someone? Like, they're not hating you."" Being gay myself, I know that it can be hard with the haters. It's especially hard when you are a homosexual AND go to a Christian church. With my religion, I'm told that God says homosexuality is bad. Sure, God created a man and woman and people will protest with the common phrase, ""God created Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve!"" This is true, but if God created Adam and Steve, there would be quite a lot heterophobic people or no females at all! How would you females feel? Not so great huh? What about straight (or bi, pan, etc.) people didn't get who you loved? Homosexual, bisexual, pansexual, and any other sexuality that is with one gender liking the same gender (even the slightest bit) has all the rights to be as equally accepted as heterosexuality."
"Global Warming is Bad and Should be Stopped. ""I dont think that webbed feet are normal in humans"" Webbed feet are not normal in humans... Yet... ""It is predicted that the ice sheets are supposed to change"" We know that... ""golbal warming will happen 1.5 feet over the next thousand years,"" That makes no sense... Let's pull up the full quote, shall we? ""It is predicted that the ice sheets are supposed to change and golbal warming will happen 1.5 feet over the next thousand years, in a time where neither of us will be alive."" Okay, how could ""golbal warming"" happen 1.5 feet over the next thousand years? I think what you were trying to say was: ""It is predicted global warming will change the ice sheets by shrinking them 1.5 feet over the next thousand years."" And of course, that really doesn't matter anyway. 1.5 feet isn't bad, and once again, humans are adapting! Okay, let me expand on my idea that humans are adapting: Humans are animals, animals adapt and evolve on their own, mostly without the evolving animal knowing it. ""global warming needs to be stopped in out lifetime so that it doesnt transfer the responsibility to our younger generations."" First of all, we will figure out a way to fight it, or at least temporarily stop it's effects, we're that smart. Secondly, like I've stated before, humans are adapting and evolving, and they've never stopped. Global warming is just one more thing to adapt to. Prove me wrong..."
"I am God. Alright, ill give. If you are God, the creator of the universe and everything in it than surely you will be able to answer a few simple questions about your creations. All numbers must refer and be answered in the human (American) numerical system. All names of any objects, animals, etc must be answered in the American given names. 1. How many hairs are currently on my head? 2. What are my 4 pets, and what are the breeds/species of said pets? 3. What kind of flowers are currently planted in my back yard, and how many petals are there on all the plants combined? 4. How many blades of grass are currently in my yard? 5. How many blades of grass did i just pull up from my yard? 6. How many freckles are on my face? 7. How many teeth do i have in my mouth? If you are truly the creator of the universe and everything in it, the all knowing God, than these are easy questions for you, if you cannot answer them correctly than you are not the All powerful all knowing God, creator of the Universe, and the resolution fails."
"US Citizens Should Be Required To Carry Guns Vs US Citizens Should Not Be Allowed Guns. I will be arguing that law abiding citizens should be REQUIRED to carry guns on them in public and would make the United States safer against gun related crimes. My opponent will be arguing that law abiding citizens should not be allowed to carry guns at all, that guns should be illegal for law abiding citizens to have in the United States, and that making guns illegal for law abiding citizens in the United States will make the US safer. I believe that if law abiding US citizens were required to have guns on them in public, the crime rate in the US would go down but I'm willing to be convinced otherwise. In order for my opponent to win, I have to be convinced that making guns illegal for law abiding United States citizens would make the United States safer instead of my way of thinking and I have to tell my opponent that I'm convinced in the final round. I'm going to be honest on whether or not my opponent convinced me as well as I sincerely want to see my opponent's perspective. My opponent will also have the burden of proof and will have to refute my points as well as make points of their own. I will start: 1) Some criminals are not likely to give up their guns just because it's illegal. 2) Some criminals can get guns from the black market. 3) Switzerland's crime rate is lower compared to the United States. There are more law abiding citizens in Switzerland who carry guns compared to law abiding citizens in the United States that carry guns. Sources: http://www.nationmaster.com... http://www.nationalreview.com... https://nypost.com... http://www.politifact.com..."
"AND/OR is an abomination of the English language. Everywhere I go (papers, Books, Articles, Even the spoken word! ) I am accosted with the term AND/OR. It must stop! I will stipulate that in legal documents there is some place for this contraction. However, There are almost zero other times when AND/OR is better than (or even as good as) the two real-English options (""and"" and ""or""). Use of AND/OR is evidence of mental laziness. 'Gee, I don't want to make the effort to decide whether I should use ""and"" or ""or. "" Instead, I'll cover all the bases and use AND/OR. ' In many cases, The use of AND/OR adds confusion. The definition of the term is not the sum of ""and"" and ""or. "" ~if you were watching, You noticed that I have always chosen ""and"" or ""or"" instead of the abomination~"
"Resolved: Affirmative action should be practiced in college admissions. Here go the rebuttals. I still maintain each of my arguments from Round 1 as well. ""Affirmative action is merely discrimination in reverse. There is the case of Barbara Grutter, who was turned down from the University of Michigan despite being more qualified than the minority groups who were admitted due to a quota. "" Not necessarily. Given that minorities are often underrepresented at college institutions, as well as the fact that many people of different ethnicities ARE indeed qualified, more racially and gender-oriented accuracy in college institutions would only be for the better. This is not to say that less qualified candidates would be admitted. Rather, diversity would be used a tiebreaker during the college admissions process. That is how affirmative action SHOULD be used (see debate resolution). And thus, the example provided by my opponent fails. ""Affirmative action tends to only benefit the high-standing, wealthy members of the minority group who are being ""benefited. """" Please supply some evidence to verify that claim. The more qualified candidates would be the ones benefited, by the definition of affirmative action. ""There may be potential for more cultural diversity, but it rarely surfaces. Minorities are usually resented for being there. They are seen as being given a handout, without earning it. Resent gets rid of any possibility of cultural enrichment. "" Again, please supply some evidence of that. And because only the equally qualified or more qualified candidates would be entitled to affirmative action as described, there is no ""not-deserving"" factor. ""How often are there extremely similar candidates with the same GPA, equally active in the community, went out for the same sports and were just as good at them, got the same scores on the ACT and the SAT? "" How often an event may occur is irrelevant, as long as it remains possible. Given that it is possible for two or more extremely similar candidates to apply to college, the argument still stands. Granted, this is statistically more probable at larger state universities, for example because of the larger yield of students applying for spots. ""Not to mention it is unconstitutional. "" Firstly, how is it unconstitutional? Secondly, I would like to point out that whether or not it is ""constitutional"" or not is also largely a red herring. A debate with the word ""should"" in the resolution as used in this debate directly implies change the possibility for change of the current system, depending on the outcome of the debate. Affirmative action leads to higher levels of diversity in colleges, more equal opportunity for people of minority-status and women, and ensures less discrimination in the college admissions arena. I look forward to the remaining debate."
"Shulk is Really Feeling It. Sir, you won me my debate. Thank you. ""Many other fictional characters in video games, books, or other forms of media in the physical world can each DISPLAY feelings or emotions."" Display is the keyword. No actual fictional character can feel, since what is actually happening is a description of what a person could feel given the same situation. However the character themselves are not actually feeling, since of course they do not actually have a conscious. Therefore they cannot make conscious decisions, therefore they cannot feel anything due to not have a response system. You can't have feelings without a response system. Check and Mate, my good sir. I have very much enjoyed debating with you. *tips le fedora*"
"Jesus was a Socialist. Despite many exploitative, decadent, highly capitalist societies use jesus and religion as propaganda, as well as an excuse to marginalize the majority of the workers, I believe the facts as well as his teachings prove that Jesus was a Socialist, here is why. He clearly disapproved of wealth inequality, one of his quotes was ""Assuredly, I say to you it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven."" Jesus clearly had an understanding of the corruption and inequality that comes from aristocratic wealth. As well as the unfairness of the whole feudal Imperialist system that was going on in his time. He strove for equality and harmony between the classes. Ever heard of the story of the rich young man came to jesus and asked what he could to to enter into heaven, Jesus responded by saying ""If you want to be perfect, give what is not needed to the poor, and there will be treasure in heaven."" This is a sign that jesus was an advocate for equal distribution of wealth and resources, a belief that sounds very similar to...hmmm....marxism perhaps? Also Jesus was a firm believer in sharing, and always having enough for everyone, a very socialist belief. Ever heard the bible story when Jesus was delivering a sermon in front of thousands of people and managing to feed them all with five loaves of bread and two fish? This type of equal distribution seems very socialist to me. As well as his belief of Loving your neighbor, and caring for the poor, the sick, and the oppressed. Jesus appears to me like the original marxist."
"Donald Trump's 35% tariff against US companies. Mr. Executive officer Elect Number # 45 wants to run a Republic as if a Religious Monarchy, like both England and parliament once had. OK. But we should understand that tariff is not a new strategy, a strategy of negotiation with any number of new possible, with new outcomes that may emerge. Basically Mr. E.O. #45 is going into the retail business, and not Presidential responsibilities of defending the U.S. Constitution, not work on behalf of the American people in regulations dealing with the issues of the United States Court system. If the products turn out to be of a comparative quality, at a better price, it is illegally to singled out for retail mark-up by a Federal government, with a written responsibility to provide basic non-biased separation as its primary responsibility as an agent of taxation. The people may losing out or be hurt in other ways than just jobs, the losses will far exceed any measurement of 35% as there are things lost that simply are not weight by scales of that type economic calibration. 1.Taxation in the form of tariff is simply admitting as a negotiator the United States will never be competitive in free trade. And, does not know the obligation of its own contract with the taxpayer. 2.The cost in manufacturing does not simply rotate around labor wages. A 35% mark as a negotiation tool may simple just demonstrate how out of touch the negotiation is, or has become. 3.How does anyone seriously plan for a future for themselves or for other, which requires an extensive plan and commitment that limits a person""s mobility, to design industry. When faced with a threat from some-one who is supposed to have represented a non-biased representation and opportunity in the largest economy in the world. 4.35% of from the # 1 mathematically is still easier to take with the 50% of the other 9. It""s not just about the direct cost of labor any-more. The selling point doesn""t matter if the product the negotiator was try to sell has been lost by abuse."
"Money as “symbolic expression”. Not only is money instrumental to effective political communication, the expenditure of money in support of a campaign or cause is also, in itself, a form of political expression. The gesture of donating money expresses one’s allegiance to and endorsement of a candidate’s or organization’s stance on the issues that form the political discourse of the society we live in. It is a basic way of political engagement. It is also one which is most readily available to any citizen. Therefore, donating money is a speech act which needs to be protected, in the same way burning a flag is considered to be a gesture of “symbolic expression” which is protected by the First Amendment[1]. [1] Eugene Voloch, “Flag Buring and Free Speech”, Wall Street Journal 2009. http://online.wsj.com/article/SB124657642816289111.html"
"Do you agree with Venezuela offering deeply discounted heating oil for low income families in the US. I'm glad you know who Citgo is. At least that way you can voice your concerns the way it SHOULD be, by not using their services. Most people have no clue that Citgo, Inc. is owned by Venezuela and worse, don't care. No, when I say there is nothing our Government can do about Chavez offering cut price or, in some cases, free heating oil I am spot on. The Government CAN'T stop such from happening when it is companies legally operating in the U.S. that are extending this. You keep talking about the strategic oil reserves as if this has ANYTHING to do with Chavez making a political PR move. It doesn't. The purpose of the reserves isn't to fight off jokers like Chavez, it's to support American needs in times of crisis such as depression or war. High heating oil prices in Vermont doesn't fit the crisis model. Absolutely I put forth that the administration can NOT exert pressure on ANY industry, particularly the oil industry (which is MOSTLY foreign owned), to make them ""do the right thing"". It is not the place of the administration to dictate how private companies operate and never should be if we actually value free enterprise. OUR oil companies? The majority of oil companies are foreign owned. Even the ones with majority American ownership have a large contingent of foreign ownership. Corporations don't operate at the whim of any political force. You also have to understand that the majority of the oil being imported by ""our"" oil companies ALSO comes from Venezuela. This isn't a matter of President Bush saying ""we don't want or need your stinkin' oil, we'll help our own"". Even opening the strategic reserves doesn't counteract what Chavez is doing, it's simply responding to it. Bad idea. No way we want to let some dictator determine energy policy in this country. ""You have not made a cogent argument for your position."" This baffled me. My initial argument was extremely cogent and provided many revelations your original statement didn't seem to address ""The defense of any argument is proportional to the truth contained therein."" Was this a concession? I mean everything I wrote was 100% truthful."
"Socialism is better then Capitalism. I would expect there would be many to challenge this argument. The reason for that is because of the carrot on the stick dangling in front of your faces. A Capitalist Society gives off the belief that we can ""get a piece of the pie"" This keeps us blinded on what is right for our people and our country.The wealth of the earth belongs to all men or to none. Under capitalism, property is concentrated into the hands of relatively few well-off people, leaving the many with nothing and at the mercy of the rich for work, charity, etc. This leads to gross inequality, exploitation and misery. Nor is it economically efficient, as the rich have so much already they have no incentive to use their land productively. Socialism seeks to redistribute wealth and to ensure that the means of production are at the service of the whole of society, so that all can benefit and none will go without.Many could be motivated to work by a wish to aid their fellow man. Over time, as the benefits of this better way of life become obvious, all will. The impulse to share wealth and material amongst the community, to support all, leaving none behind, is one of the purest mankind can experience. It is not merely possible – it is a demonstration of the progress of our species to a finer, more humane state of being.I will leave much out to give anyone a chance to respond..."
"school uniforms. Before refuting my opponent""s single line of argumentation, in this round I'll do the following: Offer Background information: -Explain what school uniforms are -Explain what school uniforms do Explore the rationale behind school Uniforms: -Suggest why school uniforms are useful -Examine why school uniforms are in the best interest of students and the schools they attend (1) Background School uniforms are standardized outfits worn by students, the composition of which is dictated by the educational institution which students attend. A typical school uniform may include a blazer, some form of khaki or navy pants, an oxford shirt and a repp tie for male and female students, or may include a skirt for female students. School uniforms are typically very conservative, non-revealing and non-discriminating. Because school uniforms preclude students from dressing as they would like if given the choice, school uniforms prevent brand-driven consumerism in academic settings, minimize differences among the student body, foster a sense of common identity among a student body and reinforce student""s focus on their education rather than their outward appearance. (2) The Rationale Behind School Uniforms School uniforms are useful because of the fact that they not only restrict students"" clothing options, but they prevent the problems that come from ""individualized"" dress. For example, bullying because of appearances is minimized in both sexes because all dress in the same fashion. Because school uniforms are conservative (though still, at least ostensibly ""preppy"") students retain a sense of style without being judged for their inability to afford brand names, or dress provocatively. Students""s purpose in attending school is not to dress provocatively, to be ""fashionable"" or to dress in a way that does anything other than reinforce their being educated. On a more practical level, school uniforms solve the problem of ""What am I going to wear?"" that adolescents face when preparing to attend school. By requiring that students dress in a certain way, the challenge of choosing apparel is preempted and thereby prevented from being a problem. In this way, dress code violations are likewise addressed before they can even occur. My opponent, however, asserts that she thinks that school uniforms should have never been invented. I can only assume that this is because she has never considered the practicality or utility of school uniforms, which I have outlined above. I""ll await her rebuttal. Here are some examples of school uniforms: http://www.solidcolorneckties.com... http://2.bp.blogspot.com... Did I mention, that they wear school uniforms at Hogwarts? http://mugglemeetswizard.files.wordpress.com... http://www.freewebs.com... Oh, and some numbers too: ""As of 2009 in the United States, there are 21 states with public school systems requiring their students to wear uniforms. A case study from 1999 conducted in Long Beach, California showed that instituting a uniform policy greatly reduced violence and other issues in the school. Crimes, suspensions and sex offenses were all reduced by at least 90 percent and vandalism dropped by almost 70 percent."" Source: http://www.ehow.com... Peace out, YYW"
"Darwinian evolution can not account for the bacterial flagellum. Now, to begin with, I would like to state my argument. The argument goes like this. The bacterial flagellum is a molecular machine attached to bacteria -- their function is to propel the bacteria through the micro world. These machines consist of approximately 50 components. These components, I argue, could not have come about step by step naturally, they had to have been assembled by an intelligent mind in order to perform the function. Now, before you answer my challenge, there is one thing you should absolutely not forget. You can not use your intelligence to assemble the machine, you have to propose a fully natural explanation through natural selection."
"Gaming Consoles. the controller you say is better for the X-box 360, but you fail to realize you can upgrade your ps3 controller too. also the Ps3 isn't very big or bulky, and can fit into even the narrow of spaces, but i got a ps3 slim, so i can't say for sure. in my opinion the ps3 is better in every way a x-box 360 is, but better."
"Democracy vs Autocracy. Democracy gives the freedom of speech to every individual to raise their voice against the wrongs.Also,they have the right to choose their own government whereas autocracy takes away this right from the people. Secondly,in autocracy decision is been taken by an individual while in democracy decision is been taken by group of people elected by the citizen of the country. Also,leadership is taken over from generation to generation whereas in democracy it is not so.There are chances that the government in autocracy can cheat people as there is no opposition party whereas this risk reduces in democracy."
"Mindless rap battle. Uuuum, you called your self a power puff girl and your calling ME gay? while I could laugh at that all day, Id like to writing a big boy rap ok? Id like to wish my opponent, the absolute best of luck. you know, before I drop these rhymes on he's as$ and he's f*cked! Definition: battle rap: not your piece of Sh*t. Definition: winning: not what your doing with it. All your cheap shot remarks, are those suppose to scare me? Sh*t, you got those lines from a rhyming dictionary! May I remind my opponent that this doesn't have to be, that drawn out, but not thought out, form of sh*tty poetry. But just do what you do, and think what you like, but no one wants to read that long a$s sh*t, am I right? Bitch I got the light bulb going off in my head, while this motherf*cker resorts to weed instead. I don't know if he knows that sh*t'll make him brain dead! Quick and to the point, thats all I do and I won. But I bet you 10 bucks, this motherf*cker aint done. He'll come back without even responding to this, like the pu$$y he is. You say I'm a pu$$y but thats cuz I am what I eat. But your a f*cking pu$$y cuz you can't take this heat!"
"Free market vs. government sponsered healthcare in the US. In this debate we must draw a distinction between who delivers the care and who pays for it. When you control the money that flows into an industry, you control the industry. There should be no other person that decides what is best for the patient other than the patient and their doctor. Government insurance brings on government regulations which increase the cost of delivering services to patients which increases the cost of doing business. Having insurance doesn't mean you have care. It just means you have a means of paying for it that is acceptable to some physicians. Doctors do pay attention to how good of health insurance you have and they do practice medicine in a way so they get paid. The only determinant that should be present in deciding the level of care the patient receives is the patient and the doctor. No one else."
"Killing 2009 health bill would delay reform for years. David Brooks. ""The Hardest Call."" New York Times. December 17, 2009: ""The fourth reason to support the bill is that if this fails, it will take a long time to get back to health reform. Clinton failed. Obama will have failed. No one will touch this. Meanwhile, health costs will continue their inexorable march upward, strangling the nation."""
"Vaccines have severe side effects. Some of the used vaccines may have severe side effects, therefore we should let every individual asses the risk and make choices on his/her own. Besides introducing foreign proteins and even live viruses into the bloodstream, each vaccine has its own preservative, neutralizer and carrying agent, none of which are indigenous to the body. For instance, the triple antigen, DPT, which includes Diphtheria, Pertussis, Tetanus vaccine, contains the following poisons: Formaldehyde, Mercury, and aluminum phosphate, and that's from the Physician's Desk Reference, 1980. The packet insert accompanying the vaccine, lists the following poisons: aluminum potassium sulfate, a mercury derivative called Thimersol and sodium phosphate. The packet insert for the polio vaccine lists monkey kidney cell culture, lactalbumin hydrozylate, antibiotics and calf serum. The packet insert for the MMR vaccine produced by Merck Sharp and Dhome which is for measles, mumps and rubella lists chick embryo and neomycin, which is a mixture of antibiotics.[1] Evidence also suggests that immunizations damage the immune system itself. By focusing exclusively on increased antibody production, which is only one aspect of the immune process, immunizations isolate dysfunction and allow it to substitute for the entire immune response, because vaccines trick the body so that it will no longer initiate a generalized response. They accomplished what the entire immune system seems to have been evolved to prevent. That is, they place the virus directly into the blood and give it access to the major immune organs and tissues without any obvious way of getting rid of it. The long-term persistence of viruses and other foreign proteins within the cells of the immune system has been implicated in a number of chronic and degenerative diseases. In 1976 Dr. Robert Simpson of Rutgers university addressed science writers at a seminar of the American Cancer Society, and pointed out the following. ""Immunization programs against flu, measles, mumps, polio and so forth may actually be seeding humans with RNA to form latent pro viruses in cells throughout the body. These latent pro viruses could be molecules in search of diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, lupus, Parkinson's disease, and perhaps cancer.""[2] Vaccines may cause a child who is genetically predisposed to have autism. If the trend of increased Thimerosal in vaccinations correlates so well with the trend of increased autistic diagnoses, there is a link. Thimerosal in vaccinations (which means 'contains mercury') causes autism. Too many times has a child been completely healthy, and then a vaccine containing Thimerosal is injected into the child. The child becomes ill, stops responding visually and verbally, and is then diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder. [1] Roger R. Gervais. Understanding the Vaccine Controversy. Natural MAgainse May/June 1996. http://www.naturallifemagazine.com/naturalparenting/vaccines.htm [2] Alex Loglia, Global healing center, http://www.globalhealingcenter.com/vaccinations-the-hour-of-the-time.html, accessed 28/05/2011"
"rap battle. b*tch please your raps sound like you found them off of a website tryna flex I'm just gonna take flight on this text, you say your raps are rad but they're really suicidal sad, why you callin me an old lad I'm just tryna be your dad, you can't possibly be happy with your raps they don't even sound mad just talkin a couple lines girl you aint bad, i aint even tryin lettin the flow come off my tongue get the f*ck out dis pad something you wish you had!"
"did Hitler have it right. The debate title seems to be in favor of Hitler, but your argument is much more for eugenics in general. In fact, you even point out that Hitler did not have it right, in that apparently Jews aren't the right people we need to kill. You seem to ignore the fact that not only were Jews murdered, but Romanians, Homosexuals, and any political opponent. Hitler's mass murder wasn't for the betterment of mankind, especially if his vison of mankind is only a select few racial, ethnic, sexual, and political groups, which are further narrowed down in that a person must meet all of these characteristics to be deemed worthy. I would say that Hitler was doing his murder for the good of his German motherland, but the same objection above still applies. I have to wander why genetic defects, disease, and crime are all listed as if they are equal. How would eugenics stop crime? If anything, the very existence of a wide spread mass holocaust would be the worst example of a crime ever done by the human race. Crime is influenced by social factors and economic factors, which I don't think would go away, even if the number of humans were drastically reduced. And disease? If anything, this would hurt our ability to deal with disease. It is our genetic diversity that allows us to adapt to changes, and, just as a reference, breeding the golden retriever lost 35% of their original genetic diversity. ""i'm not bias to who I cleanse from the planets surface.""Right, you may be a mass murder approving, neo nazi scum f*ck, but you aren't biased on who you disgustingly murder.(Something of a side note, I'm not allowed to say f*ck on this website, but we can say murder the unwanted?)Lastly you talk about the Purge, but I find this pretty ironic. You seem to think that 1. the purge is eugenics (the Purge is class warfare), and that 2. the writers were remotely in favor of it. You... do know what a dystopia is, right? 1984 was a story about a tyrannical, totalitarian government, but Orwell wasn't giving it a thumbs up. The Purge is clearly a horrific human rights violation, and this point is made even clearer in the second movie. Can you propose any actual arguments for this horrendous trash? Oh, and please make it more readible than Mein Kampf next time."
"The voting age should be reduced to 14. Con says kids are too ignorant and immature. I did not confirm that, I said that ignorance and maturity is not determined by age. That was the last line of my previous round. It's a shame that Con does not know how to read. Perhaps Con should not be able to vote even though he is 47. If he cannot grasp basic comprehension then he should definitely not be casting a ballot. But the government does not weed out the ignorant and immature. They only weed out by age which I explained is unfair, does not make sense and is contradictory with other values (like no taxation without representation)."
Should english be the main language in america. so basically my opponent is agreeing with me when I said English should be the primary language you said simple English should be taught but English is English if you know a little bit of English you can say hey I know English whether you know a little bit or a lot you can say I know English so basically you can say by opponent is agreeing with me when he says English should be the main spoken language in America whether it me simple English or advance English
"Term limits undermine value of experience in governance. Ezra Klein. ""The folly of term limits."" Washington Post. January 4th, 2010: ""California already has term limits. And they're a disaster. Virtually everyone I interviewed for that piece named term limits as a contributor to California's fiscal crisis. Imagine, for instance, that you elect a well-liked local physician's assistant to the state Assembly. Doesn't matter the party. Our hypothetical legislator might know a lot about medical care. But she probably knows nothing about the budget. This stuff takes awhile to learn, after all. And remember, she's not studying budget politics full time: She's raising money and dealing with constituent service and reading up on other bills and traveling back-and-forth from her district. So how long till our doctor-legislator really gets the budget, understands the legislative process, and matures into the sort of seasoned assemblywoman we'd want responding to a devastating fiscal crisis? Eight years? Twelve years? More? Too bad. Six years and she's out."""
"Obama is Worse than George Bush. Obama is evil because he pulled the trops out of the evil Iraq and Afghanistan. Howver, Bush invaded the terrorists, so he must be a lot better. Obama created the evil Obamacare: now taxes on the poor have been increased greatly. Also, Bush cut the taxes on the rihc, whereas Obama has broght them to an all-time high. Obama is a Muslim, so he must be with Osama. There's a reason we of the Tea Party Patriots call him ""Barack HUSSEIN OSAMA. """
"Bernie Sanders is a Socialist. Democratic Socialism is not the same thing as socialism. Completely different viewpoints. From this, I can tell that the OP is simply misinformed and therefore their judgement is invalid. Moving on, I will still justify my views. Socialism is basically the opposite of capitalism. The government controls ALL means of production (think, Communism) and authoritarianism. Democratic socialism works within a multi-party, CAPITALIST, Country. Most Democratic socialist advocate for more access to healthcare and education for the general population. For example, They believe that you should not have to spend your entire life's savings within 2 years of your cancer treatments, Or be in debt for a decade because you wanted to better your education. Basically wanting to improve the security of the working-class. They plan on obtaining this money through taxes on the rich. We're not talking rich as in, A surgeon who spent a decade getting to where he is now and now he's only making 30% of his income. We're talking, Amazon made $11. 8 billion in profit in 2018 and didn't pay a single dime in taxes. So, By definition and moral understanding, Bernie is in no way a socialist. Democratic socialism has socialist tendencies, But it is not affiliated in that sense."
"stupidity=doubting myself. Let's look at my opponent's arguments. ""seeing all, i only run into a fence on purpose"" This rebuttal has NOTHING to do with this resolution due to the fact that it is stupidity, but however, it has nothing to do with doubting oneself. My opponent is trying to say that, just because you run into a fence on purpose, that someone doubted his/her self? Of course not. One person would have to be confident if he/she was going to do a certain action, thus not doubting his/her self due to the fact one person can't doubt a stupid actions. Actions occur when someone wants to do it, thus it is not doubting oneself, it is just being confident in oneself. Thus, my opponents 1st argument is void and useless. Next rebuttal ""the definitions are one and the same"" Ok. Since I have reliably sourced my definitions, and my opponents haven't, my definitions still stand today, which I will repost: Subpoint A: Definition of stupidity Merriam Webster defines this as: ""a stupid idea or act"" Thus, stupidity cannot mean doubting myself, as explained Subpoint B: Definition of Doubting Merriam Webster defines this as, ""to lack confidence in"" and thus stupidity does not equal to doubting myself because a stupid idea or act does not equal to lacking confidence Next point ""maybe it's stupid to drink alcohol in the first place"" Again, not relevant. Just because someone is stupid to drink alcohol in the first place, does it mean the person is doubting his/herself? Of course not.One person would have to be confident if he/she was going to do a certain action, thus not doubting his/her self due to the fact one person can't doubt a stupid actions. Actions occur when someone wants to do it, thus it is not doubting oneself, it is just being confident in oneself. Thus, my opponents 1st argument is void and useless. My opponents haven't hit my second contention, so flow that on to the negative. Today, their rebuttals and contentions have been refuted, thus they have no ground. However, they have never hit a single contention at all of mine, thus my case stands, thus I win. I urge a ballot in the Con side in today's debate. `TheResistance"
"Marriage is bad. The right person is not always easy to find. 10% of people are 100% straight and only 10% of people are 100% gay about 80% of the population are somewhere in-between. This makes the perfect person very hard to find, you may only have one shot and getting with the perfect person and at the time where you briefly meet your perfect match you may already be married. When you are married it makes splitting up harder and emotionally worse, if you were only in a boyfriend-girlfriend situation then splitting up far easier therefore finding your perfect match much easier to get with. The way society is going a quarter of deaths will be suicide. Society is making things far easier to break promises, and marriage is a promise. Marriage isn't the soul cause of suicide though it is a prime factor in the suicide rates. Society is currently breaking, with half of the east on verge of war, do you really think if things kick off over there we will have time for petty promises like marriage? You are thirteen, you shouldn't be worrying about your sex life just yet... Anyway I'm sure you realize that sex isn't everything and most of the time the happiest people don't have a very busy sex life. Not to say those who do aren't happy, you gave the statistics for singles and married people, people who are in non-married relationships with others have the busiest sex lives of all, if you're really that worried!"
"Islam is a religion of peace. Your first claim is that the majority of terrorist are not Muslim and you proved this by saying ""In Europe, more than 98% of terrorist attacks are by non-Muslims and in America, 94%. And compared to the entire Muslim population, that is 0.00009% of Muslims."" First of all, you picked two places where the Muslim population is small. In Europe, the Muslim population is 6% and in the USA its only 1%. at - https://www.thereligionofpeace.com... The source I linked says ""Even by the FBI""s curious standard, the sort of truly violent terrorism that most concerns Americans is extremely rare in the United States. Only 29 attacks on their list of incidents between 1980 and 2005 resulted in actual death. Of these 29 attacks, Islamic extremists were responsible for 24%, accounting for 2,981 kills (civilians only), while the non-Muslim attack body count is 196."" You also said that the bible is more violent but that is only because the Bible has way more verses then the Quran. You showed me this verse ""Do not transgress, for God does not love the transgressors."" The problem with this is that the word translates to ""someone who has broken a particular rule or law or has done something that is generally considered unacceptable"" law = sharia law. the problem with is verse - ""Saving One Life Is As If Saving Whole Of Humanity"" is that after this verse it says ""The punishment of those who wage war against Allah and His Messenger and do mischief in the land is only that they shall be killed or crucified or their hands and their feet be cut off on the opposite sides."" so your peaceful verse is followed by a hateful verse."
"Naturalism Assumes that Humans are Supernatural. Fun quick debate:I will be arguing that Naturalism assumes that humans are supernatural and is therefore self defeating. ""Naturalism is ""the idea or belief that only natural (as opposed to supernatural or spiritual) laws and forces operate in the world; (occas.) the idea or belief that nothing exists beyond the natural world."" Adherents of naturalism (i.e., naturalists) assert that natural laws are the rules that govern the structure and behavior of the natural universe, that the changing universe at every stage is a product of these laws"" 4 Rounds 4000 char 24 Hours to respond Best of luck to my opponent."
"mayor term should be extend up to 6 years. My opponent has not added anything to her argument. She only states that 2 extra years are not slight and doesn't prove to me that they are not (so my statement stands.) Again, I must point out to my opponent: If the people like the mayor, they can re elect him. Adding another 2 years (the population might have to endure a bad candidate for 2 extra years at some point...) doesn't seem necessary."
"Religion in public schools. Sorry about that I thought I did post the title. It was a Harry Potter book oddly enough. My son didn't indicate any type of religious belief, it was 100% assumption on his teacher's part. I do not want my children taught about religion of any kind until they have reached an age of reason. When they are able to understand and research religious beliefs is when I will discuss options with them. I am now forced to have that discussion with my son. Public schools are solely for educating, not for discussing personal religious beliefs. If a parent wants their child to be exposed to religion in school then they should enroll their child in a private non secular school. Children from all types of different backgrounds attend public school and parents shouldn't have to wonder if they are being exposed to any type of religious belief. I should be the one who will discuss religion with my son when he is old enough to make an educated decision. I never pretended Santa brought presents or the tooth fairy left money under their pillow. My children knew at a young age that those fairy tales weren't true, but with the way religion is revered in today's society any young child will be inclined to believe it. I know that the school wouldn't allow a teacher to tell one of the students there is no God, the parents would have a fit if that happened. Why should I have to be okay with this man implying that there is a god. If religion is allowed in schools then you would have to include all religions and atheism. No parent would be okay with a teacher telling their students that satanism is the one true religion (unless the parent was a satanist). So no, I wasn't being sarcastic at all. If one religion is allowed in public schools then all must be. Religion is a personal belief and there is no need of it in public schools. I don't have a choice but to send my children to a public school because I cannot afford a private one. Public schools only purpose is to educate out children, not implicate the existence of a god."
"Harry Styles is the best member of One Direction. First of all, you have to be kidding! How can you compare their hair? Hair isn't a reason of why Harry is the best member. That would go to something like if you were trying to prove that Harry is 1D's ""best looking"" member, and even then I would disagree. So since you started talking about heir, then I will talk about Harry's hair. His hair always looks messy, it maybe natural, but it looks gross. At least Zayn actually takes care of himself. I don't see how hair is a good reason to why Harry is the best member, so your argument is invalid :)"
"The Playstation 3 is a better console than the Xbox 360. first my opponent claims that the xbox is 4GB, Mine came with a hard drive that has 60 GB and i payed 10 extra. This is what i meant and i wasnt clear. This debate is about better console. My opponent is mentioning other things like hardware for the console. Now yes i know the definition of a console and i have to say my opponent is not speaking about the gaming efforts of this system. I thank my opponent before i start my counters and opening statement. ""Counter (""You failed to. .. "")- I did not bring up sales of games because the source you gave included only top games, in which I might add; that the ratio is only 13:9 in favor of the Xbox, not a very big spread when all the rest went to Nintendo. "" The source i gave was clear on the top games. This is Ps3 vs Xbox but it also matters which one does better in sales which you wont denie Xbox wins. Blue ray is a great addition i agree but these consoles were detemined to be game consoles. If you think this isnt true then look at Ps2 which was mainly for gaming and nothing else really. Same for original xbox. Yes you do pay for xbox but you get exclusives on some games and a better community. A better community can be defined as-more players, more people online. You can argue it isnt but it is the biggest community. You can argue ps3 lets you surf web. Xbox does now to but this is irrlevant. Like i said its a gaming system mainly not a computer. People do buy it to play games if they didnt theyd stick with their computer. My xbox has a 60 gb hard drive. In the last three years i still have Gb's left so i dont need extra room. You could argue the ps3 games dont break easy. Xbox has a feature where you install games so if they do get scratched you can play anyway. Xbox wins in things like Bigger community, kids friendly due to parent locks, sales and more Reasons i beleive Xbox is better: -you pay for a better expeicene and some times get things earlier -It was infact voted ebst online community and sorry i dont have a source -beats ps3 in sales and game version ratio of 13:9 -Great tech support,proven as glitches have lasted longer on ps3 then xbox. Feel free to read forums -Kinect makes a big diffrence and has the top selling game as of jan 25 -You can surf web -You can create an avatar -Its really user friendl yin a creative sense -high tech security system and hasnt crashed in a while as ps3 had a crash about 3 months ago -Dashboard very polished since update -Addons,Demos,game content upload quick and updates -Xbox live parties were there before ps3 and xbox had it first. :)"
"Resolved: Abortion, the removing of a fetus (3 months or earlier), should be banned in the U.S. I would like to argue that abortion in the US should be banned (with possible exception to cases of rape or in where the mothers life would be harmed). 1.Part of making good decisions is knowing the consequences for ones own actions and by allowing abortion to exist, outside of aforementioned terms, we advocate poor choices since we remove the effects of an important life decision, and worse, we do so at the cost of a life. 2. If it is illegal and abhorrent after 24 weeks then it should be illegal before that, as most of the things that are present and determine that ruling, such as the heart, brain, and several other vital organs, are already forming or have formed within the first trimester. There are many things to mention, but what it all comes down to is life and that it is unhealthy for all involved to allow the practice of abortion to continue."
"USA Vs Any Country you choose (War). The whole point was a surprise attack. The strategy was simply to harness the power of USSR which has battle hardened and battle ready soldiers. Ontop of thus the USSR had the most nuclear weapons that any country, as a matter of fact, Russia still to this day has a bigger arsenal of nukes than any country. The US on the other hand has taken drastic measures to reduce its arsenal since the 'end' of the cold war, giving USSR the advantage. Also we shouldnt be able to use the allies of the countries we pit against each other because then it isnt even a war between those countries it is a war between many countries. Even if you count the US's allies the USSR still wins the war between the US and USSR because they still destroy America before it can respond. Thank you."
"Resolved: The United States Federal Government should legalize Industrial Hemp. The Federal Government has the power to legalize the industrial use of hemp. Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution is known as the ""Necessary and Proper Clause."" It gives Congress the power to make all laws that are necessary and proper for carrying out the duties of the legislative branch. It is also known as the ""elastic clause"" because it stretches the power of Congress. My opponent continues to say that the United States Federal Government does not have the power to do this, but this is completely untrue. The necessary and proper clause can undermine federalism. So the states have no say. When the congress uses the necessary and proper clause to stretch its powers the states have no choice, but to abide by it. My opponent says that I have shown no express power, but not only does the congress not need an express power for the necessary and proper clause (because the clause stretches its power) but there are express powers that legalization of hemp can fit under. The first express power that hemp can fit under is ""To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries."" By making hemp legal we are giving researches and scientist time to discover thing that hemp could be used for such as alternative energies. Second express power that hemp can fit under is ""To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes."" As I have said before we import hemp from other counties. Congress can regulate this, we can easily grow this in America but instead we depend on other counties to grow the hemp for use. So even though for the clause I pointed doesn't need this express power because it stretches the powers of congress, but I just pointed two ways we can pass this plan under the express powers. My opponent has says nothing against hemp other than my resolution is failed. As I have shown the Federal Government does have the power to do this."
"Riddle battle. Damn it, your good! Yes, you are correct, it is water (I'll have to make it harder next time). I believe the answer is that fell to their death/died from impact. They were on vacation (flying to destination), in a cabin (the part of an airplane in which the passengers sit) http://www.merriam-webster.com..., and the fire in the plane/engine, is why they crashed. Now my riddle, a bit harder than before: Infinity won, and 5 circlets. Two hands we were gifted. The Book of the Earth, Fire, Water, Air. TherE are Many strategieS in Many liFestyles. To that am I referring too? Good Luck"
"Governor Northam should resign. This is not an argument of partisanism as you state, But an argument of committing a crime. Hypocrisy is still not committing a crime. Your claim that Governor Northam is inciting violence by authorizing abortions is also invalid. Federal Law states that abortion is legal and can not be prohibited until viability has passed. The controversial abortion bill in question would allow abortions up to the day of birth is still legal according to Federal Law because a baby only gains rights when it is born. Furthermore, Governor Northam is still protected by the First Amendment when he endorses after birth infanticide. Something like that would never pass and if so, The courts would strike it down. But this hasn't happened yet so it can't be used as evidence for why he should resign. Another point that I forgot to mention is that Governor Northam is an elected official. He was elected to serve as Governor of Virginia. Resigning from an office that is elective should only occur under extreme circumstances. A photograph that the Chicago Tribune deems as possible obliviousness instead of racism that was taken 35 years ago when Governor Northam was 25 years old is not an extreme circumstance. Endorsement of after birth infanticide, Which has not been enforced, Is still not an extreme circumstance. Furthermore, If Governor Northam did resign, He would be replaced by Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax who is currently being accused of sexual assault, An actual crime."
"Balanced Budget Amendment. Resolved: The US Should Adopt a Balanced Budget Amendment Definitions:1) Balanced Budget Amendment - A BBA requires congress to pass a balanced budget for each fiscal year. Currently, there is debate going on in the House and Senate between different versions of the amendment. There is very little difference between the two, however for sake of the debate, I will use the Senate's version found at . http://tinyurl.com.........; Also important to note, the BBA gives exception in times of war in relationship to defense spending.2) Balanced Budget - The overall amount of spending within a budget is equal to or less than the revenue brought in. 3) Should - Ought, is proper4) Adopt - Put into placeRounds1) Acceptance2) Opening Statements (ONLY)3) Rebuttals 4) Rebuttals/Closing StatmentsRules1) If special circumstances arise, one side may ask the other to wait out his or her remaining time. 2) No forfeiting or plagarism is acceptable. 3) Please structure and format your arguments in a way that is easy to follow.4) No trolling - debaters should have adaquet debating experience.5) Failure to abide by any points above will result in an automatic loss"
"Declarations of war should be passed by the military, and only proposed by government, if necessary. In my opponents rebuttal, he negated all of my points. However, I feel that he took them differently than I had meant. I am going to revamp my ideals and post them more specifically. I said that a military declaration of war would benefit the american people, while my opponent said otherwise since they were going to be the fighting the war. My point was to be that the military accepted the fight and possibility of death for the bettering of the country. Besides, they'd be the ones fighting it anyway, so saying it won't benefit them is false. It is a benefit by putting the choice in there hands. To unessesarily quote a game I once played, "" Now is the time to choose. Die and live free of consequence, or live and fight your sorrow"". FFX. This example may be a little bit out there, but I suppose it meets my point. They can choose, instead of having rich men who won't have to fight choosing for them. They have to fight either way, and we might as well give them the choice. Also, how I said that congress benefits from war, I meant with strengthened relations with foreign governments, not money for themselves. The everyday american has to pay for the war in taxes. If the cause is needed enough, they can make the sacrifice themselves. I also included in my explanation that this would help end wars just for the sake of politics. Lets look at Vietnam. We had no direct threat from them, but we chose to fight to help France and South Vietnam. Now lets look at WW2. We were attacked by Japan and then threatened by Germany. War should only be used to defend ourselves, not to help others. With the military deciding, they know what will come so they can make a clear choice when Congress can be biased. My last point was that this act would put war in the hands of the people. My opponent stated that this was absurd on the basis of such a small percentage of US citizens in the military. However, the military is not a tight group of people with the same thought frame, but a group formed by several people of different views. My brother for example is a navy seal. He is an everyday american. Congress, however, are an extremely small elite group of rich people that don't see the opinions of the american often, and when they do they take them differently it seems like. I have restated my points, I hope they are clearer. Peace, B***HES"
Should you be allowed to bring your phone to school. I think that they should allow phones in school for educational purposes like for research. Also so that in case of an emergency you know that someone in the school/class has there phone on them so they can call whatever they need to do. I also think that you need a phone especially for LA because there are now Ebooks that you can read the book on your phone. I think that phones in school can be very helpful for education in schools world wide.
"A UN standing army would be ideally suited to respond to contemporary crises. Impartiality is not defined by the constitution of the forces, but the decision-making process which determine their use. A UN standing army would not alter the injustice of the UN Security Council and its veto system, which institutionalizes self-interest in the decisions of the body. As the recent proposal for an independent UN force indicates, the force could move swiftly to avert catastrophe but only specifically ‘after UN authorization’1. Therefore whilst a UN standing army would ostensibly be neutral, the uses for which it would be deployed would still have the same, underlying self-interested motives on the part of the UN Security Council. The problem is therefore not resolved, but pushed further up the line. “We have to walk a fine line in order to build support in the U.S. and in developing countries. This sort of thing creates suspicion that Western countries want to use this for political purposes.” 2 On speed of deployment, the UN’s ability to respond more quickly is not a serious problem. Many of the UN’s most embarrassing incidents occurred when its troops were very much on the ground already. The three oft-quoted examples are Srebrenica, Somalia, Rwanda; in the 1990s all three states played host to UN peacekeeping forces, and in each case further bloodshed ensued. At Srebrenica, Serbian troops marched the Bosnian Muslim men out of a UN-declared ‘safe area’ 3; the fault for their massacre does not rest with speed of deployment or troop cohesion. As Morrison states, ‘until U.N. member states devote as much attention to solving the underlying political causes of national and international disputes as they have to the creation of a U.N. permanent military force, true solutions will remain elusive’4. The UN needs to be able to respond more effectively, not necessarily more quickly.   1 .Johansen, R. C. (2006). A United Nations Emergency Peace Service to Prevent Genocide and Crimes Against Humanity. p22 2. Perelman, M. (2007, September 5). Calls Grow for Creation of Standing U.N. Army. Retrieved May 10, 2011, from Forward: http://www.forward.com/articles/11552/ 3. Canturk, L. (2007, October 25). Anatomy of a Peacekeeping Mission: Srebrenica Revisited. Retrieved May 10, 2011, from Worldpress: http://www.worldpress.org/Europe/2975.cfm 4. Morrison, A. (1994). Fiction of a U.N. Standing Army. Fletcher Forum of World Affairs, 83-96 improve this  "
"Adolf Hitler, as evil than you think he was, does not deserve all of the hate he had received. Hello! Welcome to this debate. I am not very strict with rules, but please stay on topic. This debate could wander into almost anything political, so please Con, you are arguing why he does deserve all the hatred he receives. And also no ad hominem. This is quite a sensitive subject, so I would appreciate that there is consideration of Pro's points, and I will appreciate your points. Also please, if possible, please cite sources and I wish for a stimulating debate! The first Con round is acceptance of the rules. Yes, I know how controversial this is, but I do not think Hitler's actions were right and justifies. I am not a Nazi or anywhere near, and I despise what he did, but for too long we've been looking at things with blind fury and ignorance, and this debate is one that needs to be discussed. Because as I will expand on, Hitler's actions weren't as bad as events before and since, yet we turn a blind eye to them. Before we can tackle the big issues with genocide and war, we need to open our eyes to the truth."
"The Non-existence of God. Well, the DNA argument would be a good one- if humans were physically perfect in every way. But we're not. There are many examples of this. The appendix serves no purpose, and is dangerous, because it risks becoming infected. The fact that we eat through the same hole that we breath is dangerous too. It can easily lead to choking. No omnipotent creator would design us that way, with glaring mistakes. Now, you may be wondering, ""This also disproves evolution!"" It doesn't. Evolution helps species evolve to threats that they face at present, not threats that they encounter in the future. Unfortunately, this leads to defects. Millions of years ago, the appendix probably served a purpose. Now, it is a ""design flaw"". Evolution doesn't fix the mistakes that it makes, so we will always have appendixes. That is my response, happy? Also, in the future I would encourage you not to declare ""I win"" after making a point. You've done this twice already. It's a serious breach of etiquette and will result in you being looked down on by others."
"western museums should agree to requests to repatriate cultural artefacts. If you want to get better at debating you have to try and do more than one round. Debating is about rebuttal and defending your arguments which cannot be done in one round. I'll explain how this will work before I give any definitions. The second round will be for presenting your arguments and the third round will be for rebuttal and a short case summation. In the third round I would urge you not to bring in new evidence or points. museum: a building in which objects of historical, scientific, artistic, or cultural interest are stored and exhibited. repatriate:send something back to it's country of origin. artefacts:an object made by a human being, typically an item of cultural or historical interest. If you chose to accept this debate, which I hope you will, and I haven't explained anything properly put it in the comments section and I'll adjust it. F"
"Hillary Clinton is a better choice for president of the United Staes than Donald Trump. Please provide the sources for all the information you listed. Immigration: Our country is built on the idea of *legal* immigration, not people storming the borders and getting free benefits that our own people lack, benefits that illegal rapists get, but not the men who fought and were wounded for our country. We need strict regulations because we can't just let anyone walk into our country. Hillary supports Black Lives Matter, a terrorist group that beats up white people because they're not black. Black Lives Matter also destroys property and is a poor excuse for a movement, MLK wouldn't be proud. Minorities: You say that 10 years doesn't matter, but 10 years ago, Hillary had a much different stance than the one she currently holds. Another point, Hillary has said many worse things about people. Black Lives Matter is a terrorist organization and no person should ever support them, they beat up whites, destroy property, and are a general nuisance for all people. Donald is correct in stating that we need more law and order, people have begun to run rampant in the streets, and that limits productivity, which is what America needs. Gay marriage is an immoral and wrong thing, as the country has many references to God. He didn't say all Mexicans are rapists, but many of the ones spewing through the border are rapists. Taxes: Donald proposed massive tax cuts that worked with Reagan, and Reagan was noted as being one of the best presidents of all time. Hillary's running mate wants to increase taxes on the middle class, which would certainly bring down America' s economy. Hillary wants to let in refugees and illegal immigrants, as well as open up jobs to other countries. This will result in millions of Americans losing their jobs because the countries want cheaper labor. Donald's plan is to keep jobs in America, which will stimulate the economy. Sources: http://www.nationalreview.com... http://www.realclearpolitics.com... http://www.infowars.com..."
"Ethics classes are a good alternative to Special Religious education in Primary Schools. In order to conduct my final statement, I would like to refute several basic assertions the con has made Firstly, that ethics classes will lead children into a single set of morals, governed by their teacher. Here he is showing a miss-understanding of the concept of ethics class, and the definition to which he agreed. Ethics classes are discussion based class. The instructor has very little input into the responses of the children, rather they merely question the children's motivation, without being prejudiced one way or another. They allow children to explore their own decision making, without the instructors own being imposed upon it. I would also like to point out that all the risks he delineated about ethics, teachers disagreeing with curriculum and prejudicing students, are possible in Special Religious education as well, with teachers having the opportunity to highlight negative aspects of certain religions, to preference others. Secondly that we are not moving towards a more secular society. This obviously depends on the society in which you live, certainly in my country(Australia) there has been a marked decline in religious following over the past 30 years1 and Europe is very rapidly becoming a highly secularized society. However I believe that I also emphasized that I was terming secularism in terms of the law and government. I would also question the validity of his source, adherents.com is likely to be biased towards Religious traditions. Thirdly he argues that 'Special Religious Education' offers everything that Ethics classes do. Religious Education is being instructed in the varying models of morals employed by traditions, there is no element in that definition of exploring a child's personal response to those morals. This is what is offered by ethics classes and why they are such good alternative. Finally I will address his academic point. Most of what my opponent has spoken about makes perfect sense, children should be educated in Religious studies, however I would contend that Primary school isn't the place to be doing this, high school is the place for the academic study of religion, where as ethics classes would provide a solid base to allow children to respect all ways of deriving meaning. I'll leave it there for this debate, thanks to my opponent for the deb and I look forward to reading his final argument. 1: ABS"
"The policy is counter productive. The reason athletes don’t report the abuses is because they don’t think the abuse is worse than losing their place on the team. This policy changes that by sending a strong message out. Athletes will attach the gravity of the punishment to the crime and might finally begin to understand that this kind of treatment is utterly unacceptable. It’s also fairly easy to get around the worry of being blamed for the repercussions by having anonymous tip-offs or witness protection. The IAAF can compensate for lack of earnings too, but ultimately actually this potential makes abuse less likely to happen. If everyone knows what a risk using harsh methods is, then that’s a good thing. Athletes will be less likely to take it and allow it to continue, and coaches won’t want to risk using them. Currently it’s worth everyone’s while to shut up and let abuse continue, these changes would mean the risk is too high to let that happen."
"Rap Battle 12. The twelfth rap battle, I'm starting this one a bit sooner because I think the last one might not be completed. Anyways, the same rules apply to this rap battle, which is no copy and pasting and fight hard. Be sure that if you accept this challenge, you can finish it, because I hate when someone forfeits a round and the debate freezes. Also I want my opponent to go first, unless he/she is scared..."
"Political Parties only spoil the life of the nation. Con. has given the example of that part of the world whose population is not even 23.2 million but there is a corner of the world where the people's count is more than 1.25 billion and is suffering from numerous problems. The biggest example is that of the Prime Minister. He has killed hundreds of muslims. Being an illitrate person, What the hell can he know about handling a nation. Taking another example of Kashmir issue, above hundred people have been killed by indian foces (following the orders of higher athorities) in kashmir region and above 15,000 have lost their eyes because of pellets and many of them are badly injured. So, how can anybody even think of these people as their friends. Now I request con. to go back to WIKIPEDIA and search a better arguement for the next round."
"gun bans wont work (creating new laws to ban ALL guns). I know and understand that the government is not trying to put a full stop on guns. Now how would these laws work? Say we ban guns in general. Who's that going to affect? Good people follow laws, bad people don't follow laws. Banning guns would be a law (any type of gun). You would be taking guns out of good people's hands while it would have no effect on the criminals who don't follow laws. And you can't say we would be able to take guns away from criminals. It's not possible. There are way to many guns out there for the government to take away, (any gun). Chicago for example has very strict gun control yet has one of the biggest gun murder rates in America. So many guns used by criminals are obtained illegally, how would gun laws help this? How is the government doing background checks going to stop a man from selling a gun to someone in a dark ally? (You know what I mean) My point is, they wouldn't work to stop criminals only to keep actual law abiding citizens from owning guns. Criminals don't follow laws and there is nothing they can do to take away their guns. They can't track millions of illegal immigrants and there's a chance they can track any guns? Making stricter gun laws would only be a burden on the law abiding citizens."
"Your choice on the topic. Thank you for participating with me in this debate. I want to start off with the fact that you don't know who's(what's) behind that computer screen. On the internet, you can be completely anonymous and get away with doing something or in this case, being something. I want to ask my fellow voters, do you really think that pillow would say he is not a pillow on the internet? Con probably goes to Youtube and writes in the comments ""As a human being....""(I have no source for this but think about if you were a pillow, you would probably write something like that.) Remember voters, he is completely anonymous. That means he can cover up the fact that he is a pillow. Let's say Con isn't a pillow, he probably wouldn't post this argument if he was human. Pillows are sensitive to the fact that they are pillows. They want evidence to confirm that they are indeed a pillow, so they call people like me to give evidence on why Con is a pillow. In conclusion, Con is most definitely a pillow who is pretending to be human because of anonymity of the internet. Thank you."
"Barack Obama has Violated the US Constitution and Should be Impeached. First AmendmentYes con is correct I should have said FBI instead of CIA but other than that my point still stands. You ask: ""But, the question of 'what first amendment rights were violated' and 'whose rights were violated', PRO leaves unanswered."". As I stated in my opening argument protesters around the country were dispersed by police in coordinated action and this is not disputed by any news organisation (or any right wing nut job propaganda mills as I have included fox news) [1] [2] [3] [4] this directly violates the freedom of speech of those involve and to claim that a midnight raid of peaceful protesters by police does not violate the right to freedom of speech enshrined in the first amendment is shear ignorance.Yes the FBI is a distinct entity but is ultimately under the control of the Obama administration and as such Obama carries at least some responsibility and as I said last time if Obama was ignorant of a nation wide police operation then he is ineffectual and needs to be impeached (even if not necessarily legal although politicians can more or less decide the criteria for impeachment at will).Fourth Amendment It seems that con has accepted Obama knew about the NSA spying and has decided to argue that Obama lacked the power to NSA policy. This is obviously incoherent as it is way within the bounds of an executive order to do so.The Sixth AmendmentFirst I would like to explain why I sited [5] was because there is a US citizen on that list but regardless I don't see the importance of those held without trial being US citizens, from my limited knowledge of the constitution I don't remember anywhere it stating that the rights enshrined in the bill of rights only applying to US citizens and the US government even admits itself that there are people held without trial or charge [6].[1] http://www.bbc.co.uk...[2] http://edition.cnn.com... [3] http://www.foxnews.com... [4] http://usnews.nbcnews.com... [5] http://www.dod.mil... [6] https://www.aclu.org..."
"In the United States, juveniles charged with violent felonies ought to be treated as adults. I read and reread what my opponent wrote many times but there's a good chance that I will make at least on trivial mistake ; I hope my opponent and readers can forgive me, see the accidental nature of it and above all focus on the arguments themselves. Nevertheless, I hope to make no mistakes and enjoy this debate. ::Definitions:: Juvenile: 1.1.""Not fully grown or developed; young."" http://www.thefreedictionary.com... 1.2.""Generally this refers to people between the ages of 14 and 17. They lose their juvenile status on their 18th birthday."" http://www.fair-debt-collection.com... Felony: ""an offense, as murder or burglary, of graver character than those called misdemeanors, esp. those commonly punished in the U.S. by imprisonment for more than a year."" http://dictionary.reference.com... ::Observation:: We are talking about USA and not Europe or Asia or the world. Now the USA has very violent juveniles: ""There are currently about seventy million Americans under the age of 18, or a quarter of the total US population. Juvenile crime statistics report that 2.3 million juveniles were arrested in 2002. This accounts for 17 percent of all arrests and 15 to 25 percent of all violent crimes. According to juvenile crime statistics, murder accounted for five percent of violent crimes committed by juveniles, 12 percent for rape, 14 percent for robbery, and 12 percent for aggravated assault."" http://www.onlinelawyersource.com... This may come in handy but at the moment I won't elaborate. ::Argument 1 :: Cause and effect. Every action has a consequence and while a 5 year old may not know that, a 14 year old will. Yes, I am aware that a 14 year old isn't as mature as an adult but we're talking about a very serious violent crime ! Surely, you can't say that a 14 year old wouldn't know that its wrong or that he thought it was no different from stealing a candy from the local shop. ::Argument 2:: Is a violent attack especially a felonious violent act the doing of a juvenile ? No. Obviously the child isn't pretending to be under 18, however, he is acting like an adult. To steal candy, to insult someone, even to bully someone is encompassed by the mind of a child but to commit such crime one must start to think like an adult. That is to say ones innocence disappears with the act. That would be all"
"Parody Election. ""I'm very fluent with politics, I infact was governor of Washington in 195- Nevermind when, but I was.""First off, this man has never been Governor..... He has been a live for hundreds and hundreds of years and instead of using his knowledge for politics all he has ever done was hang out in High schools over and over while trying to seduce an 18 year old girl..... As soon as this man enters office (If he enters office) it is highly likely that all of the girls he seduced will come forward and completely destabilize his administration. He will be the laughing stock of the world if Manti Teo doesnt end up dating someone else who doesnt exist.....""He and millions of others he's befriended, have enslaved strange creatures known as, Pokemon. They capture them by force, than force them to brawl each other in devastating battles.""First off, its not my fault that a grown man gave me a fire-breathing animal and then I was allowed to travel all over the world when I was just 12...... Dont blame me for that, I just grew up around awesome parents. Also I cant force my Charziard to do sh*t... Every time I need him in battle he just lays on his a** the whole time, I cant force him to do anything... Pokemon arent forced to fight, they willingly do so by receiving orders frm their bosses.In other words I dont own slaves, I train soldiers.In other words, I have extensive military experience..... ""If I'm elected President, I will increase funding for the music program."" Geez dude you already sparkle in the sunlight and have really pale skin, you dont have to act even gayer then you already are.....Now that I think about it I doubt youre even human! You have pale white and Ice Cold skin.....Beady Black eyes.....You speak like youre from a different time......You never eat or drink anything.......You dont like the sunlight.......I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE..............................YOURE A SNOWMAN"
"An entire generation has been turned against the West and fundamentalist clerics have gained enormously in influence. Iraq now has a professionally trained army and police force accountable to a democratically elected government and, through them, to the people. Unusually among Arab nations the security forces should now act as upholders of the law rather than the personal armies of local and national strong men used to settle grudges and silence dissent. The torture chambers are closed and the courts are functioning. There is, of course, work still to be done in terms of creating jobs but at least those jobs will go to people on the basis of ability rather than political loyalty. Iraq still faces problems but is better equipped to deal with them than it has been in a century and more."
"It is not possible to meaningfully consent to sadomasochistic sex. Sadomasochism need not be rendered completely free of risk. It is sufficient that each participant is aware of the hazards and consents to them. Moreover, no government can legislate for the most reckless of its citizens. If an individual is so disturbed as to place a plastic bag over his head for the purpose of sexual stimulation, the contrary opinion of the law will not be a great deterrent.[i] Nevertheless, Sadomasochism can be rendered relatively free of physical risk for its participants. ‘Safe words’ can be agreed in advance, and then announced to end an S&M session immediately. Where participants are restrained or prevented from speaking, movement signals or the dropping of a marble held in the hand can be used to indicate withdrawal of consent. This simple device ensures that participants continue to agree to the terms on which their encounters take place. It is patronizing to assume that participants in S&M scenarios have not considered the possibility that expressions of pain and reluctance will be a regular occurrence during such activity. Deliberately quixotic ‘safe words’ and stop signals are used in order to avoid inadvertent abuses of consent.   [i] Annette Houlihan, ‘When “No” means “Yes” and “Yes” means Harm: Gender, Sexuality and Sadomasochism Criminality’ (2011) 20 Tulane Journal of Law & Sexuality: A Review of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Legal Issues 31"
"$700 billion bailout plan is too little too late. ""Proposed $700 Billion Bailout Is Too Little, Too Late to End the Debt Crisis; Too Much, Too Soon for the U.S. Bond Market"". Weiss Research Inc. 25 Sept. 2008 - ""New data and analysis demonstrate that the proposal before Congress for a $700 billion financial industry bailout is too little, too late to end the massive U.S. debt crisis...There should be no illusion that the $700 billion estimate proposed by the Administration will be enough to end the debt crisis. It could very well be just a drop in the bucket."""
"Ronald McDonalds vs. Burger King. Gee you're smiling like Mr. McGee, me at least I wear make up so I don't look ugly! You're the king of the rats, I rule over raps, your sandwiches don't at all look kingly! Behold, it's the powerful King with a cardboard crown who can't make jokes goofy He once said he forgot to wrap his whopper when he made out with Queen Dairy! Did you hear I, Ronald, killed Burger King in front of Five Guys over at skank Wendy? The funeral is at White Castle, Ima take Dairy Queen cuz there's no way I'm spendy. I""m smart, after all whatdo ya get when you cross a burger with a computer or keys? You get a Big Mac and sliced Apples to top it off, now Im mad that I let you go free Yo, why you writin an' taco-in about tacos when your only product is soda and burgers? Fries come with it but making a taco face in R1 won't help if you're advertising any further [1] The creator of YOU, booger king, is a guy named James McLamore [2] Your rivalry is ME, McDonalds, but maybe your creator is a straight out traitor! (ooooh) I walk into your dirty shop, I smell nothing but fake patties and dirt n' rot Lemme tell you bout my great PlayLand, it's the awesomest lil kiddy spot Why do I get more customers? cuz my food's tasty and yours is not My emps clean peeps' mess snot, wen the inspector comes you be caught! [1] http://img0.joyreactor.com... [2] http://www.google.com..."
"Resolved: Supreme Court should overturn ""Diaz v. Brewer"" (2011). BOP: I'll explain the process of Supreme Court in order to explain why my opponent has a burden of proof and a need to create a case. Supreme Court doesn't just rule a legislation constitutional by stating ""the legislation doesn't violate the Constitution."" Supreme Court iterates a reason via the document in order to explain why the legislation is constitutionally sound. My opponent argues against my arguments, but provides no argument of his own to explain why overturning Diaz v. Brewer (2011) would have a constitutional basis. My opponent is also looking at the Constitution and the situation at hand too literally because he's saying that the Constitution has not placed any rights in relation to domestic couples. He's looking at this case too narrowly, unlike me, who's also looking at the other angles at which Gov. Brewer's legislation can harm the rights of gays and their couples.9th Amendment: The only thing that my opponent has proven is that the basis of the protection of rights under this amendment is really arbitrary. This means that this part of the debate can go his way or my way. The reason why it goes my way is because not only has my opponent not disputed my basis for the 9th Amendment in the scope of its existence, but I'm utilizing a right that is ""current"" in the scope of its existence. The rights at which are claimed are protected by the 9th Amendment don't have to be current either. The right to privacy was never spoken as a Constitutional Right protected by this Amendment until Roe v. Wade, and before that, the right to privacy was never considered to be ""current."" At some point, current rights were considered to be new rights, and these new rights were simply considered to be important. All I really needed to do is prove that in some way, a right has been harmed, and because the non-domination principle sets the basis for the fairness in all the options given to people, it is an important right. 14th Amendment: My opponent misinterprets the 14th Amendment. It's not talking about current law. It's talking about the entire system of the establishment of laws. I've already explained this with the Supreme Court cases based on the 14th Amendment like Brown."
"Feminism is for equality. Hi. I will be arguing that feminism is way past the point of equality. Now don't get me wrong. I believe both men and women deserve equal rights and oppertunities in this world, but I think feminism has gone a little bit too far nowadays. I think the some extreme radical femisists are no longer aiming for equality. They are aiming to eradicate all forms of male power and put women on top which is total hypocrisy. If you're fighting for equality, you would fight to say that men are permitted to keep their power in government and in the workforce as well as women. But on the other hand, I cannot deny that there are feminists who actually do fight for equality. I am not attacking all feminists because I know there are some well meaning ones out there and I appreciate that they are trying to battle the inequalities women AND men nowadays. But I just don't think there is any need for feminism anymore. It started back when women had very little working rights and were only seen as housewives and mothers and obviously they wanted more than just that. But nowadays, women have the choice to stay at home or work. What need is there for feminism?The point is that feminism has gone past the point of acheiving equal rights for men and women. It is now about obtaining female supremacy over men which is totally wrong just as male supremacy over women is totally wrong. We need an egalitarian society- not a matriarchal nor partriarchal!"
"Public schools shouldn't have entrance exams for 1st grade. I don't think that public schools should have entrance exams for 1st grade, because it puts pressure on kids and their parents. Some kids can't handle the stress, and can fail in taken tests. Also, their parents get nervous too, because they're afraid that if their kid doesn't get into a good school as early as in 1st grade, he/she will never be sucessful. So thanks to that, they make their kids insecure. I really just want to see all the reasons you could think of why public schools should have the right to do entrance exams for 1st grade, so please give me all you can. Thank you!"
"Intelligent Design is the most likely to be true hypothesis for the origin of life. I think it is worth repeating Pros stated premises that appeal to ignorance. .. .. .. .. . """"3. We have no scientific understanding of how functional DNA can arise by natural means. "" ""4. Therefore it is logical to conclude that an ID explanation for the origin of life is the hypothesis most likely to be true. "" You don't get to justify intelligent design because we lack scientific understanding of something. Pro tries to make it sound like their case is based upon what we do know, rather than what we don't, where they say. .. """"2. Codes have only ever been known to be formed either directly or indirectly from a source of intelligence"" I suspect that the codes that Pro speaks of here are all human made. So of course they are intelligently designed. But does this fact mean that we can then infer that a ""type of code"" that is NOT MAN MADE is intelligently designed too ? I think it would also be helpful if Pro told us what they have in mind when they say something is a ""type of code"". I look forward to Pro's reply."
"Pianists are more skilled than guitarists. Beginner songs do tend to look easier than more advanced songs. You can judge a song by how it looks. An advanced piano song looks very different front a beginner piano song. This advanced piano song [1] looks a lot different from a grade one piano song [2]. And yet that simple grade one piano song is more complex than the guitar music sheet my opponent provided. What does that say about the complexity of guitar music? Guitar plays in only one clef. The treble clef, whereas the piano plays in both the treble and bass clef. As for a guitar playing both the melody and voice, did you not see how simple the guitar sounded? I'm pretty sure that was just finger picking and finger picking is quite simple. The strings are conveniently placed for your fingers to pick and your other hand is pressing down strings. Guitars can't even claim the complexity that violins have because guitars have frets to help them find the right note. Going down a fret is going a semitone, and each string is labeled with a note. It's that simple for a guitar. Here is two good examples of a piano playing both the melody and the voice, and you can easily pick out either. [3] [4] You can easily pick out the melody and voice in both songs. Pianos can play by themselves while guitars are usually used as accompaniment. That's a large difference between the two instruments. Pianists have the skill to play both melody and voice better than guitarists. I have addresses plucking and would like to add that even though guitarists may seem skilled, all their usually doing in a solo is playing one note. Whereas when a pianist improvises, they have to play more than one note. Therefore the knowledge of harmony is useful and most pianists have more skill in that than guitarists. Finger plucking may be not that simple but I'd like to see a guitarist play flight of the bumblebee with the same effect and skill that Yuja Wang did. Most guitarist playing that only have to move their fingers down a fret for each note and that is very simple. [1] https://www.google.ca... [2] https://www.google.ca... [3] https://m.youtube.com... [4] https://m.youtube.com..."
"Unilateralism is destabilising; if a country fights wars solely on a domestic whim, unconstrained by... Unilateralism does not entail an absence of consultation and discussion with allies and other interested states. It merely reserves the right, when discussion and consultation has not secured international support, to take action alone. Some acts, like waging a war to defend one’s own nation or free another from oppression, are too important to be discarded just because no other country is willing to share the burden."
"Vdeo gaming a day is good for you. I will be making this brief as I am really not feeling well. The original contention of Con was that Playing video games "" Every day"" was bad for you. In an earlier round I established that this is not the case, peer reviewed studies show it serves to increase stimulation in the brain. Con made a point about bad posture and drew an abstraction, Because many gamers have poor posture Con summarized that games cause bad posture. This is a logical fallacy, Correlation does not equal causation. Bad posture is bad for you regardless of what your doing-while you do it with bad posture. Next he countered again about video games causing violent tendencies but the article he posted only glossed over it and than stated matter of factually. It is true, Certain types of violence in games can promote violence in the real world but this does not extent to all games or all types of violence in video games, not all or even most video games are considered violent.In short, Cons argument at best proves that video games can be abused and over done but so can hamburgers... There is proven benefits that video games can benefit a person who plays games daily."
"MGS3 is ""Da Bomb"". 1. By Pro's own standards, MGS3 is only a bomb if you MAKE it a bomb. It's not already a bomb :p 2. Just because the games fall under different genres doesn't mean that they are unfit for comparison. It still doesn't negate my comparisons regarding plot, characters, graphics, controls, game play, etc. all of which still stand regardless of the game's genre. 3. As I said, MGS3's controls may have improved from the previous games; however, they're still awkward and inferior to the controls on GOW2. 4. Who says the plot line is more important than the game itself? Either way, I said it was a matter of preference whether or not the movie sequences were long. 5. I've never played Wind Waker. Moreover, it was never specified which game if any that Con had to choose to battle MGS3. R1 indicates that I could have chosen any game and I did. Still, Pro didn't offer any other options until the last round (which is not allowed). All of my points stand and haven't been refuted: (a) GOW has a superior plot (b) GOW has better ratings from critics and gamers alike (c) GOW has better game play (d) GOW has much better graphics (e) GOW has better and more interesting and unique characters (f) GOW has easier and more functional controls (g) GOW has better action sequences (h) GOW has very few if not any criticisms (i) GOW was the better sequel; it added different elements and the plot and villains weren't so redundant"
"Sexist. ~H , I apologize for not recognizing what you said in your second debate , I just realized you where talking about the prospects of marriage XD. Also as a homosexual male I don't think you should be scared homosexuals because its a different form of rape . Rape is Rape no matter who does it. I think your argument was entertaining and I apologize for going ape and misinterpreting your comment XD. Ps Don't favor lesbian women over gay men! I would End this debate although i do not know how...."
"Airport Security- Profiling should be used to single out passengers for extra security searches. Airport and airline security in this country, or more accurately, the lack of it, has been an open scandal for decades. On September 11, we paid the price. Now it is proposed that airport security personnel should ""profile"" airline passengers from Moslem and Middle Eastern countries for special scrutiny. To target an entire ethnic group, the overwhelming majority of whom are good, decent, innocent people, because of the crimes committed by a tiny handful of them, is immoral, in most instances illegal and violates fundamental American values. Nevertheless, in the aftermath of September 11, airport security officials are temporarily justified in doing so, for three reasons: First, because since 1993, the perpetrators of every terrorist act committed or attempted by foreigners within the U.S. "" the World Trade Center car bomb, September 11 and several unsuccessful conspiracies in between "" have been from the Middle East, Algeria or Pakistan. Second, September 11 taught us that failing to prevent terrorists from boarding an airliner can cost thousands of lives and significantly disrupt our way of life. Third, because we do not yet have in place the resources or personnel to properly scrutinize every individual who boards and every package loaded onto a plane, it would be irresponsible not to focus most of our attention on people who fit the ""profile"" of those most likely to attempt another September 11. This justification is temporary, for two reasons: Permanently profiling any group violates our ideals and values. And the next group of hijackers might not fit the profile. They might be from Somalia or Indonesia (where allegedly there are Al Qaeda cells in each country). Or they could be members of Aum Shinrikyo, the Japanese sect that a few years ago released a deadly chemical in the Tokyo subway. Or they might be ""all-American guys"" like Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, who blew up the federal building in Oklahoma City. Until adequate security resources are put in place to properly screen everyone, we can only hope that security personnel who ""profile"" Middle Easterners will act professionally and courteously. Inevitably, though, thousands of innocent, decent people will be singled out unfairly, and many will be harassed and humiliated, but its the price passengers will have to pay to fly safely and prevent terrorist action. In conclusion profiling in airport security is neccassary in order to protect one of our natural right, life. (1)http://photo.pds.org..."
"It is morally wrong to bring children to this cruel and miserable world. Four out of every five children will be born to families whose members survive on less than $10 a day. Around one third of children in developing countries is estimated to be underweight or stunted.* Research suggests that even in the USA, 20% of children live in poverty. And such an extreme plight of the child is only the beginning. Even if a child is born into a relatively well-off family, there are endless devastating situations he has to face during his life: war, death of family members, chronic illness, divorce, crime, and social exclusion. The list can go on and on forever. Having children is the equivalent of forcing innocent people, against their will, to experience the misery of life. Thus, it is inhumane. *Shah 2010, http://www.globalissues.org/article/26/poverty-facts-and-stats"
"To Be Decided During The Debate. The issue of the debate is ""The Bible Should Not Be Considered Holy"". While my opponent is arguing this point, I as CON shall argue against my opponent's claims. As my opponent begins his first point by defining the word ""Holy"", I shall also like to direct the audience's attention to the other definitions of the word ""Holy"", the first one having been provided by my opponent. Holy: 2: divine 3: devoted entirely to the deity or the work of the deity 4 a: having a divine quality b: venerated as or as if sacred 5—used as an intensive ; often used in combination as a mild oath -From the Merriam-Webster dictionary entry on ""Holy"" . http://www.merriam-webster.com... And also the entry on ""divine"" 1 a: of, relating to, or proceeding directly from God or a god b: being a deity c: directed to a deity 2 a: supremely good : superb b: heavenly , godlike -From the Merriam-Webster dictionary entry on ""Divine"" . http://www.merriam-webster.com... As can be seen from these above definitions of Holy (Including Divine, since it is also one of the definitions of Holy) All but Definition 5 match up perfectly. The Bible is indeed divine in that it relates to God, and it is taken to be God's message to man. In addition, it is obviously devoted to the work of God, and undeniably venerated as if it were sacred. Thus, I disagree with my opponent's contention that the bible must be, as he says, ""entirely without fault or defect and must be perfect etc. "" However, I accept my opponent's contention that in terms of this debate, the Bible should be shown as ""righteous"", ""good"", and ""sacred"". As for my opponent's second and third contentions, I will address them, but before I do so, I need my opponent to comment on a preliminary argument before I address his points in my second round. The reason why many people are against the notion of flag burning is not that it is a waste of white cloth, wood, and blue/red dye. Similarly, when we are discussing the ""Holiness"" of the bible, we are not merely referring to a stack of documents. Whether the documents in the bible were written by man or not, it is taken to be inspired work. Thus, I ask that the *validity* of the Bible not be called into question, purely because this debate will turn into a squabble on biblical interpretation or worse, a debate on the existence of God, which is trite, boring, and quite unnecessary. I shall respond to my opponent's points above after he responds to the ones I made in this post. Thank you."
"school uniforms. If you thought that requiring all students to wear uniforms can lessen the chances of bullying, you are dead wrong! In fact, it can actually increase the incidence of bullying, especially in school districts where violence rates are soaring. A 1999 study conducted by experts from Texas Southern University showed that bullying incidents increased by as much as 12%, after the implementation of mandatory uniform wearing. Echoing this sentiment is a 2007 study published in the Southwest Journal of Criminal Justice. According to the research, assaults increased by as much as 14 incidences yearly, right after the introduction of school uniforms. A similar finding was discovered by the Office of Education, Evaluation, and Management of the Miami-Dade County. Violence, especially in the middle schools, increased by a hundredfold after the students were required to wear uniforms."
"Gun Control = Poo. - Criminals will attain guns no matter what. Innocent civilians will be the ones without guns to protect themselves. - The Constitution allows people to carry guns. There is no reason to void the Constitution on this. - Criminals will not register their guns. Making the gun count inaccuarate instead of not having one. - In 2004 66% of murders were convicted by handgun, however, in the same year 51% of murders were convicted by cutting or stabbing. Where are the ""Knife Control Laws?"" My point is, if some sick, derranged person is going to kill, it will be done reguardless of what weapon he chooses. Why take the guns out of the hands of innocent people only trying to protect themselves? If the government plans to take our guns, make sure they don't forget to take everything that could remotely be used to kill. (knives, guns, rope, anything firm, or hard, pencils, plastic, etc.)"
"What is a more successful form of government-Communism(pro) or Capitalism (con). Since my worthy opponent has forfeited this round, I will continue to state my arguments. In the first round, my opponent stated that ""you've never heard of a capitalist political party, because capitalism ins't a form of government..."" Well my friend---""The Capitalist Party of Georgia realizes that wealth and freedom go hand in hand. Capitalism is the engine that drives America and freedom is the fuel. As Nobel Laureate Milton Friedman so eloquently put it, ""Economic freedom is also an indispensable means toward the achievement of political freedom."" That means your freedom to acquire wealth, however you define it, is absolutely necessary if you are to be truly free of government dependence. But sadly, the two major political parties in America don't fully appreciate that simple truth. The Capitalist Party of Georgia wants to offer the people of Georgia an alternative to the two major political parties who are entrenched in such a bureaucratic government mindset, that they can no longer proclaim a credible belief in smaller, less intrusive government, much less implement such an agenda. The Capitalist Party of Georgia can and will implement an agenda that gives you the freedom to succeed by tearing down the political walls that government builds on a daily basis to deny or restrict your economic freedom. We want America to be the best in everything, but that can only occur if you, not government, are empowered with the political freedom to achieve economic freedom and independence."""" And also libertarianism is according to various web sites a capitalist party. So really I can argue that capitalism is a ""form of government"" but, instead I will continue to show communism for what it really is. Their were over 100 million people that died because of communist prisons, camps, soldiers, and government, all because they were ordained ""enemy's of the state"". Communism puts to much power in the hands of so few people. All the rest of the people have to deal with it. Usually, only 6% of the apartments/barracks/living spaces had more than one room for an entire family. Capitalism is better because it allows people to provide for their families based on their creativity, knowledge, and determination to work. Communism is worse because no matter how hard you work, you will always get the same-unless you are a powerful member of the communist political party. For the citizens of the communist country, this mindset--no matter how hard you work, you will always get the same, unless you are a powerful member of the communist political party--gives them less hope and less determination to work. Capitalism really brings more creativity and ideas to the table. I hope my opponent does not forfeit again! Good luck"
"Using earth derived quantum evidence for cosmic-origin theory. I intend to keep my final response short, as there does not appear to be much to address. Con has again attempted to explain his theory, and continues to simply attempt to use woo. My opponent has failed to present his theory in any way that can be coherently understood, even by someone currently engaged in cosmology projects. ""Ying and yang disturbance"", ""focal anamoly"", ""first-causal space"", ""uniform elemental ether"", all of these are nonsensical terms without quantative or coherent description. Con also admits to being unable to provide a mathematical formulation in any way for his hypothesis, and admits that we possess no way of ""measuring or quantifying etheric phenomena"". Based on this, con's theory can safely be dismisses a pseudoscientific notions until a rigorous, testable, understandable hypothesis can be presented. Con also continues to misunderstand modern cosmology by again simply asserting - even after my explanation of how the evidence is gathered and why it is classical in nature - that they use quantum derived data. Con then also fails again to actually support his initial assertion that quantum mechanical observations are only accurate around the planet Earth. Which means that even if con was correct in his idea the modern cosmology is reliant on quantum mechanics (it isn't), he still has no ground to stand on. Finally, con simply asserts that his theory could also explain all the phenomenon that currently vindicates modern cosmology and general relativity. Given tha con has admitted he cannot provide any form of mathematical model which would create any predictions, this is obviously just another unfounded assertion. ConclusionIn short, this has been a disappointing debate. Con has failed to provide a single argument as to why quantum mechanics is not valid outside Earth's gravity well. Con has failed to deal with observational evidence of QM working as predicted over extragalactic distances. Con has failed to point out any problems in modern cosmological models. Con has failed to produce a coherent alternative model to modern cosmology. In short, con has made pages of assertions, and no substantative arguments, and his disagreement with the entire field of scientific experts betrays a lack of any formal education on the issue or understanding of modern cosmology."
"Localize Education- get rid of the Department of Education and Common Core. Here are the facts: The Department of Education exists within the federal government Common Core is controled by the federal government Although Con says the federal government only controls 12%, and the rest is held by local levels, Common Core sets standards and regulations on those local levels. The federal government can create as much standards as they want, as long as the Department of Education still exists, giving them complete control over the local levels. The federal government is therefore largely involved in Education, going against the Tenth Amendment, which violates states rights. Cutting The Department of Education could save plenty of money for a nation deep in debt. Con mentioned all the local levels of Education, but I think Con has a misunderstanding of what local education really means. Local Education takes the subject of Education out of the federal government entirely Use this as an example to express the TRUE need of state power in Education: I live in New Hampshire. It snows it the winter. Someone has to plow the roads. The state plows plow the state roads. If DC had to come plow my street, the quality of plowing would be far worse. Pro expresses that localization = better quality States get limited benifits from the feds but yet they still have to pay tasks for their departments. Con says the US already has localized Education and education would get worse by getting ride of federal regulations. The truth is it would make education better. This Is because states would be able to go off on these standards, teaching specialized classes and electives instead of sitting in Algebra for the 3rd year in a row. The major problem with federal education is they make rules without seeing how they affect people. Pro = dynamic education Con = static education"
"Campaign Financing Should Be Heavily Regulated. Thanks for partaking in this debate, JustinAMoffatt. The overwhelming amount of money in US politics today is having a disastrous effect upon the effectiveness of our democratic system. With more finances pouring into both sides of politics from the wallets of the wealthiest Americans, our political system is becoming less responsive to the people, and more responsive to big business. In order to preserve democracy, whereby every single individual person has an equal amount of influence upon their elected representative, campaign financing must be regulated. It is abundantly clear that federal politicians are directly influenced by the money donated from certain lobbyists, individual donors and corporations. From 2013-2014, Goldman Sachs, Euclidean Capital, American Bankers Assn, Bank of America and various other banking organisations donated in excess of 15 million dollars to both Democrats and Republicans [1] , which has predominantly been used in the fight against the re-introduction of the Glass-Steagall Act, among other bills to regulate Wall St. The people of the United States cannot compete with this sort of money, so both sides of politics ultimately only listen to the side WITH money, and in this case it's the banking sector. Furthermore, most members of the United States Congress received over 40% of their individual campaign funds from the top 1% of the top 1% [2]. No, that's not a typo, the top 1% of the top 1% of Americans accounted for over 40% of the contributions to US politicians in 2012, according to the Sunlight Foundation. And all of this money has had an influence on its recipients, an influence on how they vote. This isn't fair, and to put it frankly is legal bribery.In order to counter this major issue, financing of campaigns must be placed under heavy regulation. Many suggestions have been raised, in order to develop a system of campaign financing which more appropriately aligns with the democratic system. Firstly, it has been suggested that a cap of $150 (or thereabouts) per individual person or organisation, which will dramatically remove any extreme influence of the wealthy upon politicians and force political parties to appeal to the average voter. Public financing is also a credible option, based upon the purchase of tickets by individual Americans, as a basis of what each party and candidate receives. All of this proposals will encourage candidates to appeal to their local constituents and subsequently make more politicians in-touch with reality.Campaign financing must be heavily regulated in order to ensure our democracy is effective.[1] http://www.opensecrets.org...[2] http://www.motherjones.com..."
"Prostitution should be legalized. ""The fact that it is illegal forces these women to work in a dark alleyway to avoid being caught by the police, while opening them up to violent attack."" You are right. Making it illegal does indeed force women to take dangerous paths on their way to ""work."" However, dark alleys are not the only dangers in prostitution. First off, legal or not, in today's society devoting your body to give men/women sexual pleasure for the sole purpose of getting paid is thought to be degrading. Very few would be open about their lifestyle, and they will end up keeping it a secret. If the prostitute never tells anyone their exact whereabouts, who will find them if they are murdered or kidnapped? ""The only thing that prostitution affects is the prostitute, and the person seeking sexual favors. Since it only affects those two why would it be illegal."" It does not only affect ""those two."" Prostitutes realistically may have more than 2 sexual partners a week. Having more than 10 a week may even be the norm. During that time, prostitutes may contract HIV, or other sexually transmitted diseases from their clients. HIV can take from 5 months to 3 years to be detected. Do I even have to do the math for you? The people who have slept with the prostitutes may spread them around, because they do not know they have the disease, making it dangerous to the population. ""It only waste money by putting people who aren't a danger to society in jail."" As mentioned before, transmitting diseases that are not curable are a danger to the society. http://www.tigweb.org... The link I've provided lists dangers of child prostitution, but adults can also be highly affected."
"Procrastination. Granted that is possibly true, but delaying something to the day before it is due will only motivate you to focus harder and drive you to get it done in time. Procrastination is the best underutilized tool to prepare high schoolers for jobs who demand a lot in a very short amount of time and you have to ""make the grade"" in that short period of time or you could get fired. It also prepares you to be under pressure and to be able to handle the pressure with out cracking."
"Unconventional oil destroys local communities. Developing unconventional oil requires large amount of land and water – land and water that people use to live off. The environmental hazards translate to severe health risks, like concerns over increased rates of cancer (Unconventional Oil, 2008). Moreover, the ‘boom town development’, where suddenly large groups of oil workers arrive in local communities, disrupts their normal patterns of living. That’s why, for example, Canada’s First Nations have resisted development of oil sands (Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation serves Shell Canada with intent to Sue over tar sands projects, 2011)"
"Immigrants. Hello Njqill, let's get this started. There is good reason to have this temporary Muslim ban. Over in Europe, after the countries there started letting Muslim immigrants flow in, it's been causing lots of trouble. Like I'm pretty sure you've been noticing the Muslim terrorists that have been bombing across Europe. And the overflow of immigrants might start economic problems later on. Also, if you look at the Middle Eastern Muslim countries, you'll see that they've been terrible to their own people and have executed many people under Islam's rule. And about Islam itself, basically the Islam version of The Bible, The Koran, actually tells Muslims to use violence against non-Muslims. Finally, those Middle Eastern countries with Muslims are filled with millions and millions of terrorists, so it's likely at least one of those millions of terrorists would attempt to go to the U.S which may cause some problems."
"Wife vs Husband Round 1!! (Rebirth of an old Series) Black Friday Special!. My logic is so logical that it doesn't make any sense. That's the logic to it. I do not care about being a social idiot. I thrive on isolation. I am, in a sense, a vampire who lives in a cold, icy cave. After many, many years of marriage, I desire a life of solitude. I might go away to some cave somewhere. Then you will be left alone with Tommy or whatever his name is, and be forced to cope with isolation yourself. I hope you enjoy, you selfish demon. I might take Harley with me. he could learn quite a bit if he was removed from his environment. No, I won't. You can do whatever you want with him. I have to go. My life is a nightmare and I have to hit the road. I might also shoot it, I'm so angry. I don't want to work hard to support you, you groveling peasant. I work because it provides a reliable outlet for my frustration. You don't work, you never have. I wonder what it would be like if you did. Would you understand the hardships involved with work? Why work? Why not abandon the rules of society and live like a hermit, away from the dystopia that is America? You blithering fool. My body does say cookout and KFC. And I don't mind, I like KFC. I also like cookouts. I am not ashamed of my weight, I love to eat. I could go to some restaurant and buy a delicious hamburger right now, and I would love that hamburger much more than you. Much more. That hamburger would fill my stomach. You refuse to fill my deep longing for communication. My shirt does say cookout and KFC, and I am proud of it, because I don't care about what other people think. I will say it one more time. I don't care about you. I'll say it again. I don't care about you. A third time. I don't care about you. Go ahead and end me like the dog I am. Since I'm not a dog at all, you can't end me. How's THAT for logic, ya half baked rotten tomato?"
"DS's are fun on long debate trips. Our does refer to two people, yes(I'm thinkin Policy Debate sry!) But that isn't abuse. Don't vote on that. 1. If they don't like the song, IGNORE IT! They can play cards, listen to OTHER music, and etc! 2. Yes, I said how they will. They get rich from the DS's sold, and then they take over the world with their money. This is bad because they are a GAMING company, and can't manage the world. They could barely manage hotels when they owned them!(around the 80s, in Japan) 3. The MAJORITY will agree on a song. There is no proof that all will agree on the LIMITED choices of DS games! I am referring to HF. I don't know any other schools that do rotations! 4. We solve for entertainment, and its 100%. More people like Music than games. And, games can be seen as kiddy often. 5. The probability is once again entertainment, and people liking it. DS's aren't fun to everyone, some people like PSP's, and some don't like games PERIOD. More ppl hate games in debate than Ipods. You can have at least 2 people who don't like the game being played! And there aren't enough DS's for anyone to play for more than a substantial time. (Which is needed for Soft Power, and popularity) 6. YOU STATED that people have been bringing MP3's longer, so my timeframe is better! You can't get tired of it, more music comes out each day. DS's are new, but not enough people have them, and WHEN enought have them, we will all die."
"Love is not real. In my opinion, love is simply an emotion created by nature in order to continue the existence of a specie. Based on most humans' perceptions of love, it is something like destiny where you are meant to be together and you feel happy together. This perception is most likely based off of novels, movies and television series that give a false view of love based on the creator's own desires or misconceptions."
"Things that Donald Trump (the worst president of all time) and god (both are unclean) have in common. First of all, Literally none of your statements are supported by facts that you have shown. This is a dumb way to start a debate, Because it makes you look like a complainer, And a prejudiced, Illogical one at that. I admit that some of your comparisons have merit. Let's Begin. First one I disagree with (and I'll be going out of order, Just hitting the ones that catch my eye) ""Both Trump and god don""t care about what is right as long as they win. "" Since you have already acknowledged the existence of the God that Christians worship (recap, He's omnipotent, Omniscient, And omnipresent), And you have also acknowledged the occurrence of events as recorded in the Holy Bible, (when you said that God did in fact ""pray to [Himself]""). Under these assumptions, That are YOURS, Not mine, We can deduce the following. The God of the Christians, In the already established as proper evidence for this debate, Created the ENTIRE UNIVERSE. He created the laws and morals of men with the Forbidden Fruit. He defined what is right and what is wrong. Therefore, It makes no sense that "" god don""t care about what is right as long as they win"" He can do no wrong, Being the creator of right and wrong. That would be like telling the inventor of a game that he was cheating. Next: "" god do not believe in peace and harmony unless it is under their guidance and rules of thumb"" God, As previously established, Controls everything. No matter what, You ARE under his ""guidance and rules of thumb"". There is no escaping that. So there can LITERALLY be no peace and harmony without him, Because we don't know what an existence without God is like, Or if it's possible. You can not prove that peace can exist without Him, Which means that you can't prove that He's wrong to believe that. Next: "" god have no idea, None, As to what true suffering, Pain and horror truly is. "" According to the events of the Bible, Which we have established as historical evidence in this debate, Christ the Lord suffered for the sins of the world, Feeling the pain of all men (as a race, Not a gender). He bled from every pore, Then was nailed to a cross and hung there until death. If anyone has an inkling of what true suffering is, It's him. As for Trump, I doubt you have any idea what true suffering is either. I know I don't. I'll let you try to add some logic and facts to your argument. I'm done for now."
"Polygamy!!!. I apologize CON if you were mislead into this debate -my fail! Anyways, although this is the Final Round I guess it would be sensible to change the subject to the Legality of Polygamy. Thus: If we both agree that Polygamy -as properly understood- is an ethically viable practice, that is, no wrong is done by it on normal grounds; then in a contemporary democratic society, polygamy's ethicalness should entail some form of legality. CON seems to object to the legal-acceptability of Polygamy on the following grounds: (1) Polygamous marriage is potentially confusing in the judicial or legal sense, therefore it should not be recognized as actual marriage, in addition; (2) The CURRENT legal situation of marriage does not allow for plural-marriage anyhow: ""Legally binding marriage contracts are, by definition, a contract between two persons. Therefore, legal recognition of polygamous marriage is impossible"" [CON]. Thus; (3) A possible mediation for Polygamy would be to recognize them only as plural-civil-unions, that is, having several of the legal benefits of marriage but not quite actually being marriage itself - an approximation of marriage: ""The only option would be for the parties to enter into a legal contract closely resembling marriage in its terms and conditions, and offering similar protections"" [CON] -Firstly it seems fair for me to say that premises (2) & (3) are all consequences of premise (1), that is, they both rest on the acceptance of (1). Thus the question I am faced with is this: Is Polygamous marriage to CONFUSING in a judicial or legal sense as to be considered as a regular form of marriage? It seems intuitive to say that if polygamy is ethically-viable then the fact that some additional bit of scrutiny and paperwork is required to make it work is of a lesser concern and should not discount polygamy as a real form of marriage; after all divorce can be an utterly confusing process but it is legal since it is an ethical nece"
"You can't jump in the same river twice. Now, my opponent stated that "" if someone asks you what river the Thames is you will say the Thames. If they ask you the same question a few seconds later you will give them the same response. You won't say ""This is the Thames of now and that was the Thames of five seconds ago. "" That is one of the similarities between the river you jumped into first and the river you jumped into the second time but the river isn't the same it has changed a tiny bit. Next my opponent said that"" the fish are the fish, the rocks are the rocks, the water is the water"". So let' say for example, my personality, my organs, my eyes, my nose all of that is a part of me just like the fish, the rocks and the water it is all part of the river. Finally my opponent stated that "" if you break my nose I am still me. I do not become some other person I am still the same person, the river is the same river"". You are a different person after you broke your nose but you are not a completely different person so people wouldn't you are a different person because they would think it means a completely different person. I look forward to the rest of the debate."
"Man-Made Global Warming Is A Hoax. 1. Actually 10 of the hottest years have occurred in the last 12 years, 2005 being the hottest year on record. 2. We know that the earth is warming because scientists have seen an increase in temperature since the 1800's when we started recording. We can predict that the earth has been warming for longer than that. No matter how long the earth has been around, there is an evident increase in temperature. 3. It is not only driving hybrid cars that will decrease the effect of the increasing temperature of the sun. Simply checking the air in your tire's regularly and keeping them properly inflated will save 250 lbs of carbon dioxide. Replacing your air filter will save 800 lbs. carbon dioxide. Moving your heater down two degrees in winter and up two degrees in summer will save 2000 lbs of carbon dioxide. You can also do things like recycling, buying organic foods, and carpooling to reduce the effects. 4. Since the out break of the supposed ice age, temperatures have increased. 5. NO. I think other countries, after doing adequate research, have decided to do their part to try to save the world from the damages of global warming. They know that global warming is not a made up joke, but rather a serious problem worth addressing."
"gcsd. Con has conceded that pupils should take Mathematics and English. Thus he has conceded the resolution. Just to provide an argument in case he rudely attempts to introduce new arguments in the last round; Purpose of education At a basic level the purpose of education to enhance the mental abilities of all students and thus improve the contribution they can provide to society. English and Mathematics are the most important subjects as they facilitate basic communication skills (which unfortunately my opponent lacks) and basic numeracy, which is useful in everyday life. Con has failed to demonstrate why the subjects of English and Mathematics should not be compulsory."
"Should religion be integrated into schools?. Schools have had religion forced upon them this means certain 'state schools' are becoming closed to the diverse society we now find our dwellings in. Schools are often Christian in Britain, as their is often only one school for a community it shouldn't be allowed to single a religion into its system. Education is indifferent to those who take it up, CON will rebuke that they can opt out and that they re undenominating but should a child face the hummiliation of sitting out in their own school."
"Opinion polls also distort the political decision making process: during elections, polls swing fast... Opinion polls also distort the political decision making process: during elections, polls swing faster then politicians can adapt their strategies. The result: politicians are following every swing of the polls and engaging in “political marketing” instead of really developing a party philosophy and trying to honestly engage the citizens. Also, in between elections, polls ruin the process: the executive launches policy to try and create a better public opinion in stead of real policy. Symbol politics, in stead of real politics, is the result."
"Religion/christainity. dude b4 we go any further i want to point out that this is not an agrument i simply want to further understand aitheism im not gonna attack ur beliefs so plz dont attack mine, i am also a girl, lastly tone it done a bit my young mind does not understand ur very big words:( i cant really post my ""agrument"" until u post one that i can understand"
"You Should Never Believe Anything With Insufficient Evidence. My opponent says I am miss quoting the ""two one-dollar bill"" quote but if you read carefully[EC]. I never suspend any judgment on the quote itself, simply use it as reference point to make a statement on my own[S]. I never said that James meant to say anything. But i would like to point out, that once again like clockwork my opponent has avoided more issues than ever[Q]. The fact that he is using evidence to base an argument, dropped the doctors analogy, and avoids the ship captain quote brought up by himself[Q]. One can assume that he will attempt to make up for the lack of arguments prided in the last round, but as far as I can see this will only be a move made out of desperation. Therefor it seems to be the case that a fourth round is not needed for us, and we will leave the last round open for our opponents to make a last ditch effort to rescue his argument[RI]."
"God Is Annoying. God is annoying. For over ten years now, He continuously and constantly keeps me in an upset state of mind. He makes me want things and never gives me them. He makes me look bad publicly, to other people and to my acquaintances. He continuously and constantly makes me suffer. He makes me like people and doesn't make those people like me. Sometimes God even makes a person I am attracted to not be attracted to me, and makes that person and another person who is not I be attracted to each other and be in a physical, mental, and social relationship with each other. God makes some of the people around me do things that mentally provoke me and keeps them agitating, annoying, or bothering me. I know God can do a lot worse to me and I'm thankful to Him that He doesn't. But still, He should just let me be happy in my life. It seems that would be better than what he is doing to me now and has been doing to me for over ten years."
"The US Should Leave the International Monetary Fund. As pro, I am arguing FOR the exit of the United States of America (US) from the International Monetary Fund (IMF). I believe the pro side, me, should prove that the IMF is flawed and the United States should not be in it or supporting it. In essence I need to show drawbacks of IMF. The neg case must prove the IMF is good, and has beneficial impacts. The case should be decided on who has proved that the IMF is either more beneficial than harmful or more harmful than beneficial. Thank you, looking forward to a good debate, and my first debate on debate.org."
"Gun rights. I disagree with my opponent's claim that I have ""made a great deal of assertions"". I have merely asked for extensive clarification of the frame of this debate and for support towards its foundational presuppositions. This is not empty rhetoric or clever sophistry, but a quest for legitimate truth. When my opponent asserts that a right only exists to citizens of one nation and not another, it is he- not I- who has made an assertion. When my opponent attempts to compare 18th Century weaponry with assault rifles today, it is he- not I- who has grounded his arguments in empty rhetoric. I additionally point out that it is my opponent- not I- who appears to have dodged any question. My opponent has failed to prove anything, and has refused to offer response to my calls for clarification simply because he does not feel to do so is reasonable. However, it is not my duty to have an agreeable foundation to his prior to acceptance of debate. The premise here is labeled- no more or less- ""Gun rights"". My opponent has offered no support for gun rights in the slightest, unless one who judges this argument comes with a plethora of presupposition, not tabula rasa- as a just judge must. It is for these reasons that you must vote Con and that you cannot objectively vote Pro. Thank you."
"The Legend of Zelda is a better game series than Mario Bros . All right, let's get to it then.A. The origin of the games.As we all know Super Mario Bros. was Nintendo's first ""home-run"" of a video game. I'm not going to deny that. It was a great sidescrolling game where you jumped on enemies and through one stage to get to the next. A few years after the release of Super Mario Bros. came the release of the Legend of Zelda. The Legend of Zelda was a revolutionary game from Nintendo. For the first time, you could actually choose where you wanted to go in the game. You could go explore a cave, tackle the next main boss in the storyline, or some sort of sidequest. The Legend of Zelda mixed the qualities or action, adventure, and puzzle solving into one game, and that game turned out to be one of the largest, and most popular, franchises of nintendo history.B. The Nintendo 64 era.I'm relatively positive that we can both agree that when the Nintendo 64 came out, Nintendo made some huge changes to both of the game series. Creating both Super Mario 64 and The Legend of Zelda: The Ocarina of Time, which are the most favored games in both series.(1) The Ocarine of Time still had the action, adventure, and puzzle characteristics in it, but on a much larger scale. Several of the puzzles in the game were actually extremely challenging and required alot of ingenuity to get through them. The most infamous of the temples in the game was the dreaded water temple. It can get rather frustrating at times as well, but that just gives you even more satisfaction when you finally pass that puzzle. (2) The Ocarina of Time also has a great combat system that is always feeling fresh. Beings you get new weapons in every temple you go through, the combat system never really gets stale, not to mention every enemy has a different way to defeat them. You can't just slash every enemy with your sword, you have to utilize every piece of equipment you posess to get through all of the foes.(3) Ocarina of Time also didn't hold back on side quests, to keep you busy for hours. Getting all of the heart pieces is quite a challenge. To get these pieces you have to do all sorts of things, such as catching a large fish at the lake, play all of the different mini games offered throughout the course of the game, explore new regions, or shoot golden skulltulas off of the wall.There are so many different things to do in the game, the gameplay rarely gets stale because of all of these different activities. Super Mario Bros just doesn't have enough diversity in the gameplay, the jist of it is running through course after course. Either jumping on, or throwing fireballs at, all of your enemies."
"Gang members joining the United States Armed Forces is bad. I believe that members of 'gangs' should be allowed to join the U.S. Military, because (no ill-feelings) most of them do have experience with a firearm. Although I highly recommend an extensive background check, I do believe that once they've served their country, they'll know better than to use their military-training to terrorize streets. If they do, they should be given a heavy penalty in court."
"It is possible to romantically love more than one person at once. 2) Even if the person is open about having multiple relationships, the nature of the human species biologically is to be monogamous. Ultimately it degrades the quality of all the relationships, whether openly accepted or in secret, to spread the emotional resources of one person between more than one love. This produces a situation where genuine care cannot be attained because this is not in the best interest of the person who is supposed being romantically loved. 3) The argument as stated in 2) also applies. Once again, it is the nature of humans to be monogamous. If there are physical multiple relationships, it may be open between the parties but it is doubtful there is not some emotion involved. This goes to the spreading out of the emotional resources of the parties which does not indicate genuine care, as it is not in the parties' best interests. Therefore, all the criteria for the definition of romantic love have not been met."
"Congress cannot punish AIG with ""laws attainder"". Wayne Outten. ""Opinion: In Defense Of The AIG Bonuses"". CNBC. March 23, 2009 - ""As Americans, we must uphold the rule of law even when—and especially when—it’s difficult and challenges our sense of fairness. We are justifiably proud of our Constitution, which protects individuals against abuses of power by the government. Our Constitution prohibits Congress and the states from passing 'bills of attainder' (laws that aim to punish a single person or specific group of people) and from enacting ex post facto laws (laws that criminalize conduct retroactively); the latter prohibition recognizes the fundamental unfairness of punishing someone for doing something that was lawful when they did it."""
"Imabench's 500th debate: Attempted Suicide should be punishable by death. For my historical 500th debate, I shall debate that a person caught attempting suicide or a person who actually attempted suicide and then failed, should be a federal crime with the punishment being the death penalty. Pro is for this resolution, Con believes that suicide or attempted suicide should NOT be a crime punishable by death First round will be for acceptance only 4 rounds, 3000 character limit"
"I will not break a rule. My opponent has broken Rule #4; he was not allowed to post his first sentence, which was not required before! My opponent has broken Rule #7, which requires that ""each player should have an opportunity to not break each rule"": while Rule #26 applies Rules #11-13 to me, which means that by Rule #12, I must use one example of epanalepsis in each round, Rule #28 states that I may not use the same word twice in this argument; as epanalepsis requires the repetition of one or more words within a single sentence or clause (http://en.wikipedia.org...), so that the word was used twice, I cannot follow both Rule #12 and Rule #28! This same contradiction falls upon my opponent, which makes him lose by Rule #3, as well. My opponent has broken Rule #12; he has no parallelism! 14. Once per round each debater must use the British spelling of a word not chosen for this rule before; it must be done each round by each debater once! 15. Both debaters must include their favourite food somewhere in their Round 2 argument! 16. Both debaters must use the phrase ""macaroni and cheese"" each round!"
"Christianity is a religion of peace. I just wanna let you know that the definition of war is, a state of armed conflict between different countries/states or different groups within a country. I. War on SinSin is something you cannot touch or kill. Sin is something you have to deal with yourself like Depression. It's something you wanna try and fix so you won't do it anymore. When it says going to war with sin, it kinda means going to war with yourself and by that i mean fighting against the evil within you, fighting the temptation and all the evil thoughts and you think of inside your head. This is the war against sin. It's not something you kill to accomplish.II. Lucifer's/Satan's RebellionThis was hundreds and thousands of years before Christianity was even created.III. The end times battleIs something Christians won't start but i guess will be forced to deal with and by deal with i don't mean to join the war and fight against governments but it's something Christians will be there to witness and probably be killed in.IV. TotaltarianismThis is the effect of people going against god. They start wars and rebellions in seek of power or something else.Totaltariansim in the bible is mis-interpreted alot of times. In our world, Totaltarianism is not having freedom or the power to do what you think is right because Governments would come after you. But God, is a loving god because he gives us free will which is the right to do whatever we want in this world which is why almost everyone is sinning in this world.Will cover everything else in round 3, not enough time.[SOURCES]http://www.gotquestions.org...https://www.jw.org..."
"The US is not a hegemon at all, but an imperialist power-an empire. US support for democracy has been at best hugely inconsistent, and at worst criminally apathetic. During the Cold War, the US overthrew various democratic governments (for example Iran and Guatemala in the 1950s) and supported dictatorial regimes. This has continued into the post-Cold War era, as the US support for the coup attempt against President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela in 2002 demonstrated. While the US professes support for democratic forces in the Arab world, it has also continued to give vital assistance to the strategically-important dictatorships of the Gulf, primarily Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, which have been responsible for grave human rights abuses in response to recent peaceful protests[14].The US also continues to support states such as Israel which violate international law, and also routinely flouts international law itself—as seen by wars such as Iraq, the treatment of terrorist suspects and breaches of the Geneva convention [15], the undermining of the International Criminal Court (ICC), and the violation of countries’ sovereignty with ‘drone’ attacks. Clinical realpolitik, and not the pursuit of democracy and human rights, determines the use of US power. [14] Goodman, Amy (2011), ‘Barack Obama must speak out on Bahrain bloodshed’, The Guardian: Comment is Free, April 2011. http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/cifamerica/2011/apr/13/barack-obama-bahrain-bloodshed, Accessed 14th May 2011.The US is not a hegemon at all, but an imperialist power-an empire. [15] Chatham House, ‘Extraordinary Rendition: A summary of the Chatham House International Law Discussion’. http://www.chathamhouse.org.uk/files/11390_il270308.pdf, Accessed 15th May 2011."
"Resolved: On balance, the benefits of nuclear power outweigh the risks. I'm sorry that Brotherhood was not able to participate in these last two rounds. When you look at the facts presented, this becomes a debate over a certainty of benefits versus only a negligible possibilty for harms, most of which are completely preventable. Nuclear power works from an economic, health, and foreign policy perspective. On balance, the benefits of nuclear power outweigh the risks. The resolution is affirmed."
"Civil Rights in businesses does nothing more then mask the problem and should be abolished. watied to long to type this but the civil war and those who died would not have died in vein at all. Slavery was ended, everyone has a right to vote now, and a slew of other good things came about. Ending the segregation in schools. When it come to government there should absolutly be civil rights because the government is everyones but when it come to a buseinss that people choose to go to that is a much different. People do not need to go to these businesses they choose to and when a person makes a choice that mean they must follow the rules of the business, it would be like someone coming into your house and then the government telling you have to be nice to them. It doesn't work, forcing people to be good does nothing but cause more problems."
"Africa deserves the opportunity to assert itself as an equal global partner. Africa lacks the resources for international trade. It is no surprise that westernised countries respond to its needs by throwing money in Africa’s direction; as a country in the business world it would simply slow things down. However, if Africa utilised aid payments effectively, there may be some potential for this position in future. Furthermore, Africa’s trade with China is not an example that should be followed. Concerns have been raised as to China’s long-term interests in protecting its income by force. Moyo states this is irrelevant as we are only concerned with progress now. Surely there is no advantage in securing money temporarily for Africa, we need a solution that will last."
"There is no such thing as intellectual property, since you cannot own an idea:. Intellectual property rights systems create perverse incentives in firms, leading them to inefficiently allocate resources. One such inefficiency arises from the duplication of effort by firms seeking to develop the same process or product, though only the first to do so may profit from it. This leads to brutal races and excessive expenditure of resources to be first over the line and to monopolize the production, at least for a time. Another serious inefficiency arises in the production of similar products to existing ones, seeking to get around existing intellectual property rights. Such has been the case for years in the pharmaceutical industry, which has succeeded in curing erectile dysfunction dozens of times. An overemphasis on such spinning off of similar products is the result of intellectual property rights perverting incentives1. Furthermore, intellectual property rights create the problem of corporate espionage. Firms seeking to be the first to develop a new product so as to patent it will often seek to steal or sabotage the research of other competing firms so as to be the first to succeed. Without intellectual property rights, such theft would be pointless. Clearly, in the absence of intellectual property, markets and firms will behave more efficiently. 1 Gabb, Sean. 2005. ""Market Failure and the Pharmaceutical Industry: A Proposal for Reform"" improve this  "
"5 Bible lessons they don't teach you in Sunday School. Fist of all, nice use of insults. Really colorful. I maybe should have check into you a little, because you don't argue, you hate, you slander. I never made any attack on you. Since this is no longer a debate I will say a few things. ""Immoral"" Religion of any sort, set the standards for that. ""Hateful"" Read what I have written, I have been civil and honest about what I believe. ""Putrid"" I have a rather high standard of hygiene, thank you very much. ""Dimwitted snot meat sow"" Wow, very creative... untrue, but creative. ""Teeny Bopper"" Well, I certainly am laughing. ""Abominable"" I am actually held in high regard by my peers and superiors, half of which are secular to atheist. ""Inhumane"" Interesting, usually that is what anti-hunting people call me. ""Diseased"" I am perfectly healthy, thanks for asking. ""Warped"" See previous comment. ""Liced"" I may actually need to check that, thanks for reminding me. ""No right choice of the rapist"" That's funny, you say he is permanently bad for his crime, no redemption, no second chance. Funny thing about God is he at least offers that. ""Stupid"" I held high honor roll all through highs school. Gees, at least make the insult true. ""rear end wipe"" Descriptive, but not convincing. ""Bloated ego"" Hey, he can do what no human can. So I really don't think he is at fault for that one. Now that is out of the way. You did not create this debate to the question of whether or not God is a loving one. You created this so that a person like me would come along and try to pop your echo chamber. You will carry on not believing and I will do the opposite. This debate will be for nothing considering it does not exist at all anymore. I will put it this way, watch God's Not Dead 2 if you want to see the quote. Atheism doesn't take away the pain, it takes away the hope. Logically, I would rather be wrong as a Christian than as an Atheist. Because wrong as a Christian is just fading to nothing, wrong as an atheist is hell fire for eternity. We will see who is right when we die. By the way, you are extremely lucky that this site does not take does arguments full of Ad Hominem. You would be out in a heartbeat. I wish you God speed ;) in your endeavors but I will not argue with a person like you."
"The world was created by G-d as oppossed to evolution. Other points include the following:Scientific theories do not explain the begging of the universe, but the faith in G-d does. Who created time and space?Evolution i unable to override the set laws of nature, which work so perfectly together. G-d's presence, which is most obvious through holy men and miracles, show that there is spirituality that goes beyond nature.Following scientific theories there is no purpose to the world. So why can I not kill myself? Why is it wrong to be immoral? And who is even to say what is wrong and right anyway? Man kind needs G-d to stay away from corruption as well as give life purpose. (I am not saying that atheists have no purpose in their personal lives.)Knowledge of G-d has been passed down through the generations for several thousand years, if not forever. During the period of the Enlightenment, a few hundred years ago, philosophers chose to pull the blind on Divine Being and thought up their own theories(, which came about before the major proofs did).I do not doubt evolution but I see faults in the Theory of Evolution. The best way to learn things as this is to only accept facts during your study period and think rationally.Evolution doesn't explain how the Universe was created, because that's not what evolution is about. You still haven't proved your BOP. You are debating a entirely differenet thing. I have nothing to say intil you prove that God created the life in our world then just saying it. Prove it."
"tellytubbies is a heap of sexual inuendoes!. My opponent has said that the vaccum cleaner Noo Noo nly to suck up dust. My argument is that why would there be some sort of vaccum cleaner doing a normal job when there are tellytubbies who have 'alien penises' that can be sucked. That is why the created a vaccum cleaner character, as well to clean up the tellytubbies cream they will discharge. My opponent also said 'they are only colourful blobs of love whose only true calling is to provide love and care and bouncy television viewing. ' If it is just to provide love and care why would they have huge penises on their heads? Also there is a naked baby in the clouds which is probablys made to be some sort of nudist God that spys on the NAKED tellytubbies."
"People should not have the right to carry, buy, or keep guns. okay, i think i get it now. I do see some things wrong with your bill. Your bill takes away guns from people, as well as lower class police officers,(unless consented from a higher up source grants them)but their have been many cases where a smaller amount of police officers have come across a much bigger amount of thugs. Guns give the police a big advantage, but if you take away the guns, the police lose a lot of protection. And though the bill will create a unit to confinscate guns, their will always be illegal sales of guns. So police will not only be going against unarmed people, but also people armed with guns, while they have close to nothing. For example, around last year uprising in baltimore had a huge problem with riots and uprisings. They called in about 1,000-3,000 police officers to help. Thousands of people were rioting, and some people and police were hospitalized. ~http://www.cnn.com...~ If the police didnt have guns, they would have probably been beaten and killed. Their have also been many terrorist bombings from ISIS and some unknown groups. Police would have a extremely hard time keeping control and diminishing these types if things without guns. The bombings and killings would also become more likely."
"Nickleback vs. U2. My song for this round is Vertigo. . http://www.youtube.com... This song hit the top of the charts in the U. S. . And i know why. I grew up on U2 music. When I was much younger my mother, a U2 fan from there foundation, took me to a concert. This was the opening song I heard. I still remember it vividly because of the guitar music performed by Edge (the lead guitarist). This song is light and smooth. Great for the start of a concert. U2 likes to start slow and work towards the grand finally."
"Same Sex Couples Should Be Able To Marry. I will not accept any irrational arguments such as ""gays already have enough rights"" to be a valid response. Pro will have to respond with logical reasons as to why ""gay"" people should not be able to marry. Same sex marriage is becoming a growing issue. Even though this has been legalized in some states, I say it needs to become that way in all states. Allowing the marriage of same sex couples would not hurt anyone. It may offend some people but those people can choose to ignore it rather than having a fit about it. If two human beings love each other, they should be allowed to be married and carry on life just as everyone else is allowed to. Saying that gay couples cannot get married to their significant other is depriving them of their rights. To allow same sex marriage would not mean you have to accept their ways. It simply means that you are treating them as if they are normal human beings, which they are. Being gay, lesbian, bisexual, asexual, transgender etc. does not mean that these people are any less of human beings than you yourself. Same sex couples areal lowed to ride in the car, go out to eat and live in a house together, so why not let them be married? Many gays and lesbians do not feel safe or secure in the world. However, a few ""gay"" married couples said they felt more protected. Marriage is marriage. Love is love."
"Rhetoric, Unfortunately, Is More Important Than Dialectic. My opponent has taken affirmative defense in terms of a counter-proposal. His argument is based around a manipulation of the word ""is"" by referring to actual reality rather than the art of persuasion among people within reality. Unfortunately, my opponent still ignores the value of psychology in committing towards investigation. He ignores how personal goals are subject to what people believe in, and how social goals require organization inspired by the morale of what people believe in. Whether in civilian or military life, this even applies to my opponent's argument over constructing a battleship in a war. A battleship requires planning. People don't plan unless they're committed. A rhetorical argument will commit people to investigate how a battleship is planned. A dialectic argument, while possibly technically correct, does not commit people to investigate planning in the first place. My opponent also carries this on to victory in the war itself. One, winning the war itself is a secondary issue. Two, even fighting a war depends on organization and morale themselves which are rhetorical, not dialectical, issues. That is people have to be committed towards fighting the fight in order to win. Lastly, my opponent assumes that survival is intrinsically valuable, but this isn't necessarily the case. A side that wins the war by oppressing its own people has transformed survival into slavery. Yes, it might exist, but that existence no longer has importance. Without rhetoric, the people will not identify with the society they live within. They will feel like they're robots, simply carrying out orders. Thank you for reading."
"God Exists. The argument they present is much better organized than most theists I have debated on this issue previously. My opponent begins with a discussion of DNA, which I enjoyed reading, and asserts that DNA contains information. Since DNA contains information, and information requires the intervention of an intelligent agent, DNA must have been created by an intelligent agent. The conclusion that allegedly follows from this is that there is a God with the following properties: they ""transcend physical matter, possess a supreme level of intelligence, be singular in nature, and be immensely powerful beyond all measure. "" First of all, I think the conclusion clearly does not follow from the premises offered. For example, there could have been an intelligent alien with an advanced knowledge of science who came to earth at the dawn of life and engineered DNA. DNA could have been the result of a team of scientists from another planet; it's a bit of a far fetched scenario, but it's worth considering before appealing to God. Another possibility is that a human scientist with a time machine went back in time and planted organisms with DNA in the primordial soup. The conclusion that the argument warrants, even if all of the premises are granted, is only that an intelligent being created DNA. Clearly, this being does not have to ""transcend physical matter, possess a supreme level of intelligence, be singular in nature, and be immensely powerful beyond all measure. "" The being could be physical, or possess the intelligence of an ingenious human scientist, or consist of a group of creators rather than being singular, or have some measurable degree of power. None of the attributes my opponent ascribes to God follow from this argument. In addition, my opponent's argument misunderstands how we arrive at the conclusion that a given object was designed. In every uncontroversial case in which we attribute design to an object, we base that attribution on its similarity to objects that we know from experience have been designed by humans, and we attribute a human designer to them. DNA has no real similarity to objects designed by humans, so we cannot draw the conclusion that DNA was designed. Maybe in most cases information is the product of an intelligent agent, but to assume that it was the product of an intelligent agent in the case of DNA is question begging, since the very existence of a creator is what is in question. I conclude that my opponent has not met their burden of proof. Thank you."
"Labeling GMO food. That would actually be a pretty good world, to. Now onto my arguments. Once you start labeling gmo food, people are going to wonder, why did the government label gmo food? Is it bad for us or something? Then they will start avoiding gmo food, which will end up costing them more (specialty (such as gmo-free) food costs more), and will make all the companies that have gmos have bad reputations, and major downfalls in profits. If you just label non-gmo food, people that don't like gmos will know to search for the label, and there will not be any direct downfall for the companies that make gmo food, and everybody will be happy. The end."
"Flag Desecration Act. Desecration is the act of depriving something of its sacred character -- or the disrespectful or contemptuous treatment of that which is held to be sacred by a group or individual. (widipedia) Granted a pandora's box would be opened if laws were passed making desecration itself a crime. However, a country should have a law against the descration of it's flag or other symbol of nationalism. I am totally for freedom of speech, but must one desecrate a sacred symbol to make a point? It's quite childish actually. Not much different then the child who has no language to express his frustration so instead he bites another or destroys the other kid's toy merely because he didn't get his way. Those that burn the flag on the most part lack adequate language to express their hatred so they feel they must burn something that matters so much to the others. As far as the boy scouts burning the flag, you are correct, it is an act of respect. Burning someone alive is quite different than cremating a dead body. The boy scouts are merely ""cremating"" a flag that is retired, that can no longer be flown due to being worn or tore. It all comes down to intent. Protestors are burning the flag out of hatred. What about ""hate"" crimes? If someone hangs a noose it can be classified as a hate crime as it is portraying hatred toward a certain group. The intent is to scare or intimidate those represented by that noose. Should not burning the flag also be considered a threat? Are they trying to intimidate a whole country? I know the military displays the a flag on their uniforms...should they not feel threatened by these flag burners? I know this is an extreme example as the noose is actually more threatening as people in the past were actually killed with them. However, how do we know that some of these flag burners may not psych out and decide to set fire to those who wear them?"
How was the world created. I am not against this hypothesis much. To be honest I hadn't read much into it until today however I am against Mautner and Matloffs proposition that we should establish new planetary systems or protoplanetary discs. Why should we? What's the point? These are the questions I propose to you P.S. after this debate would you like to continue it in a new debate?
"The Disney Movie ""Enchanted"" was Overrated. Rebuttal: Enchanted WAS a comedy, and you cannot say that it wasn't. It's main focus was making you laugh, and just because you didn't doesn't mean that others didn't. And yes, It is good to have attention. Because no one likes being bored, and bored people are usually bored because they won't pay attention because there is nothing to keep attention, and a lack of interest is created. With Enchanted, I never felt disinterested, because I like the humor (except the troll. He stinks, and I can't deny that). And I personally, I loved the humor. I suppose I should cite some: Belle Note the Italian restaurant Grumpy the dwarf, little mermaid music at the aquarium, poison apple trope, Tremaine, magic mirror TV, the working song, and the soap opera segment. Notice something? All of them are references. I like referential humor, and it is not all slapstick or stupid. This is one big love letter to classic Disney., The characters are not entirely unlikeable just because they're stupid. I like season 1-4 Patrick in Spongebob because he is a well done, endearing stupid. But this is not the case. We like these characters because they're funny, like in Friends. If the cast of friends wasn't funny, we would hate them all because they're horrible people. If the cast of Enchanted wasn't funny, we would hate them because they're stupid without a point. Yes, the moral is obvious. MORALS ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HIDDEN. That is what a theme is for. And the theme is going against all of Disney's overlooked things because it wants to be snarky towards Disney. Because this is a love letter to Disney. Not everything was slapstick. See list of humor that I liked. And yes, we have seen adult films from Disney. My point was that Disney has made amazing children's movies as well. For example, your profile picture, Aladdin. Conclusion: If you love Disney and pay attention to everything, then the referential humor will make you laugh. The characters can make you laugh, and everything is built to make you laugh. The only parts meant to create suspense were the bits near the end, and I believe that it is unfair to say that the suspense was horrible considering it was a team based around comedy making it."
"What is a fact – there are few circumstances where this would be of significance. The on-going agglomeration of news and opinion is a wider and deeper issue than tackling factual inaccuracies and one that needs to be resolved in other ways. Frequently, that’s the very point to be addressed by the courts – whether a statement is legitimate comment or is being masqueraded as fact[i]. The right of reply is not presented as a cure all for the media as a whole but it is a useful way of getting the basics right before addressing the higher-level concerns that often stem from these fundamental errors. [i] The ‘fact or opinion’ distinction is crucial to cases of defamation it basics are set out here.  "
Individuals who are released from prison shouldn't be discriminated in getting a job. Even if she is right about drugs and rehab (which she is probably not) what has this Proved in her case THE FACT is that even if drugs are different what about assault? what about sexual harrasment? what about threatning to kill? these things have happened before because they have traits that lead people to these things and those traits can not be changed so they will continue to do it .
Are we destined to destroy ourselfs. SO in a long an complicated way you do agree with me because that barbarisms will be caused by us humans not alien from mars an I m figuratively speaking incase you dnt understand they will not be any outside influence it will be us humans an I m generalizing because they are always going to be those who re innocent but their innocence wont save them from the destruction of what u call barbarisms
"Marijuana should be legalized. Here is just one of my thoughts: If something is currently not legal, then there is good reason for that. I know exactly what you drug legalization enthusiasts think. You think that these drugs could be used for medical reasons. I know some people believe that these drugs could be great help, but I know that there are better options. There are many different medicines that ARE legalized and why can't we just use those? If we already have a solution there is no need to legalize these drugs. Why legalize something that is already being illegally used and sold? If people are already illegally smoking marijuana what is the point? What would stop them anyway?"
"Police Profiling. As much as I deplore profiling, because of the world we live in and the dangers that have been forced upon us as a nation we must be prepared for what ever happens. It is sad that a small portion of one type of group and one type of religion has all but declared war upon my nation I and we must be prepared for that outcome. So whether boarding a plane or train or any basic type of public pervance we must be diligent and keep a close eye upon what goes on around us... I don't like having to single out a small minority group but it is better to be careful and on the alert than to have several hundred Americans or maybe even a greater number come into harms way because we were not prepared and as cautious as we should be and have to be."
"from an official capacity, the corn flake box has never contradicted itself. This morning, my brother picked up the corn flakes box from the table. He said ""There are some contradictions printed on this box!"", to which I replied ""No, there aren't"". He then started wildly waving his arms around, pointing at this and that, but being completely incoherent.http://www.youtube.com... my intelligent view is that from an official capacity, the Corn flake box has never contradicted itself. Not on the ingredients, the mailing address, or the games/puzzles.I think this because not only have I not read any contradictions, but the object itself doesn't contradict anything. Like, it doesn't exist but not exist or anything.Thank you."
"Resolved: Gay marriage ought be legalized. Rebuttal 1: At the point where my opponent is saying that I failed to correlate the two, it's obvious that my opponent has not looked toward my evidence at all. The correlation is that homophobia is the main cause of these negative statistics in the homosexual community, and by promoting gay marriage through the administration of law, these numbers would decrease. The government is instrumental in ensuring the security and maintenance of the society, and at the point where we have the ideals of social contract theory to stand behind government, this argument is still upheld.Rebuttal 2: My evidence shows that the products bought for gay marriage stimulate the economy. My opponent has not attacked that point whatsoever. Furthermore, we move on to the idea that when we analyze the reasons as to why someone would buy products, there really is no reason nor incentive for homosexuals to spend on these arrangements, as clearly shown by the states who have fewer dollars in their GDP because they do not allow gay marriage. Marriage in general has become something recognized by the government, and at the point where we are bound to a duty not only to protect freedom but also promote economic stability, gay marriage is the way to go. Tax cuts and legal benefits are great for homosexual couples in the idea that it provides them with more spending power.Rebuttal 3: At that point, then the argument about infertile couples getting married also stands or couples who simply do not want to marry also stands to reason because they do not reproduce either, but their marriages are still considered to be acceptable. This is nothing more than a double-standard at this point. Rebuttal 4: This debate does have something to do with civil unions at the point where it is considered to be an alternative to the very thing that we're talking about right now. At the point where civil unions are directly made in order to be considered less than marriage, this is the epitome of what encompasses inequality."
"The concept of the environment is a socialist plot to destroy capitalism. I would say the idea of the environment started with Charles Darwin in 1859. ""The theory of evolution by natural selection, first formulated in Darwin's book ""On the Origin of Species"" in 1859, is the process by which organisms change over time as a result of changes in heritable physical or behavioral traits. Changes that allow an organism to better adapt to its environment will help it survive and have more offspring. "" [1]""In 1848, Marx and fellow German thinker Friedrich Engels published “The Communist Manifesto,” which introduced their concept of socialism as a natural result of the conflicts inherent in the capitalist system."" [2]As you can see the idea of the environment came out after the idea of Karl Marx in 1848. So this idea isn't completely impossible. If the idea of the environment came before Marx was born I could show this as impossible. Instead, I will show how unlikely this idea that the environment is a socialist plot. Now Karl Marx and Darwin had contact, again I can't show impossible, but can show improbable. ""Letter from Charles Darwin to Karl MarxOctober, 1873"" [3]As you can see Marx and Darwin did not have contact until 1873 which was well after the idea of the environment was developed. Of course it is possible that Marx influenced Darwin to create the theory of evolution as a socialist plot to destroy capitalism, yet I find this absurdly improbable. Sources1. http://www.livescience.com...2. http://www.history.com...3. http://friendsofdarwin.com..."
"Marxism is invariably superior to Capitalism. I think your debate can be pretty much summed up in the words ""what are you talking about?"". At least, it appears you have either missed or misunderstood most of my points. Please note a may use capitalization not to denote emotion or volume but simply for emphasis Perhaps you missed me mentioning the bourgeois REVOLUTION? For that quite clearly shows, the capitalists took their wealth and power from the aristocracy in much the same way that Marx intended for the proletariat to take it from the bourgeois. So the words "" voluntary exchange"" are pretty hollow. Also, when they ""purchase property from someone else"" you mean they ""purchase private property"" from someone else. Personal property belongs to someone. Private property should not. You also seem to have forgotten that your Utopian free market doesn't exist. Most people don't start out life equally. Inheritance makes this even worse. Therefore, your claim that capitalists are in their place due to hard work and investment doesn't really ring true. The point about ""buying the means of production"" is moot because there is no right to put them up for sale in the first place. I think it was quite clear I didn't mean the market broke down the front door, walked in with a big market grin on and stole stuff. It was a figure of speech, and your literalist pedantry only serves to prove you have no answer; you accept that the, and I'll be explicit here, CONDITIONS SURROUNDING HAVING A MARKET can cause people to suddenly lose everything through no fault of their own. Your statement ""nothing in, nothing out"" is also true of Marxism: ""From EACH TO HIS ABILITY to each unto his need."". As to your last point, this is true, he has done good work and deserves a fee. What he deserves though is what he NEEDS, and not PROFIT made by EXPLOITING workers. You are completely ignoring my very first debate point; please research the Labour Theory of Value. You have one last chance to disprove my points now that I have (hopefully) made them clear enough for you to understand, unlike what was implied in the first sentence of your previous post. Good luck. Sources same as before."
"INSANELY FAST DEBATES 1: Choose Your Topic. Sorry about my forfeit.Price: the Xbox one is more expensive, showing us that it is better. Besides, shopping websites show that on average, PS4 has barely any difference to the Xbox one. See these:https://www.google.com...https://www.google.com...Specs: Well, Xbox one's Kinect can sense motion fairly accurately.Online: this only shows that Xbox live probably has more special abilities and stuff that makes it more expensive.The name: ""One"" also stands for ""only one"", meaning it's the best and nothing can be better .Privacy: Uh, I'm pretty sure NSA doesn't use the cameras for spying. I'm sorry I rushed, I didn't have enough time. Perhaps next time I will make the time limit to 10 minutes instead of five.Vote me."
"The mass extinction of man-kind. So before I began, thank you to whom excepts this debate. Doomsday or 2012 is now a little less than 3 years away and people across the globe are getting ready for whatever comes. Nuclear war, global shift, meteor strikes, hypercanes anything can happen and those of you who don't prepare will be left unsecured. There are many reasons why 2012 doomsday will happen, one being the mayan calendar, how, opponent can someone so civilized mistake the date and why if nothing were to happen did they end there calendar? Recently the swine flu is going around could the mayans have had a pandemic and there society as a hole had fallen, two being the prophecies, why would they all predict the same day same year same month, these people were all across the globe never spoken in there lives, thirdly its happening all around us, the economic crisis, the global warming, the polar shifts the flu pandemic already. Life as we know it can and will be destroyed on 2012. The likelihood of something happening is very high. A list of possibilities: Major changes in human DNA (indigo children), dimensional shifts, massive genetic mutations, super volcano, hyper-canes, unpredictable weather,"
"Religion is not Important. Pro says “You must have missed something when you were reading from God's word. God does not categorize us into religion. People do that. God loves all of us equally, regardless of religion, status, or income. Religion is not important because you will have God's love either way. ” Acts 11:26 “And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch. ” James 1:27 “Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world. ” It seems that the Bible teaches that disciples of Christ are to be called Christians, as well as advocates for “true religion. ” Also pro’s definition of important being “having God’s love” is not from the dictionary, rather it is my opponents own definition. Pro says “Why would you need to be labeled with a religion if you are reading from the Bible that not only tells you how to love God, serve God, or follow God, but how to be like Him as well? ” I am not contending that people need religion… rather that it is important. Conclusion:My opponent has not disputed any of the definitions of important. Therefore, “Having observed all 7 definitions of the word important, it is clear that religion fits all of them. As such, religion is important. The resolution is negated."
"Open carrying does not invite trouble. Garry E. Harvey. ""Open Carry vs. Concealed Carry."" Pennsylvania Open Carry.: ""why would the CRIMINAL want to fight an armed opponent for no reason? The CRIMINAL would have to lack any kind of judgment, have no fear of death and believe he is the fastest shooter on earth, not to mention invincible to bullets. Finally, how exactly is the ARMED CITIZEN the one 'looking for trouble' when the CRIMINAL prompted the confrontation? Was it not the CRIMINAL 'looking for trouble' by targeting the ARMED CITIZEN and pushing him into a self defense situation? This line of thinking is similar to accusing a rape victim of wanting to be raped because she was supposedly dressed provocatively."""
"Food labeling does not change consumer behavior. Food labels may include useful dietary information, but they will not significantly impact actual consumption for two reasons. The first is that people don’t really read or use the labels. A study at WSU shows that only 41% of men actually read the labels. The women did better, but still only 59% of them actually read the labels – which does not mean they actually understood or heeded the advice on them.[1] The second reason concerns the connection between actually getting the information and acting on it. Research on posting calories on restaurant menus shows that customers actually ordered slightly more calories compared to before the information was made available.[2] Thus we see that food labels are not enough to nudge customers towards better and healthier food choices. [1] Warman, S., Reading food labels can help battle obesity, published 9/16/2010, http://www.weightworld.co.uk/health-and-diet-news/reading-food-labels-can-help-battle-obesity-1917.html, accessed 9/15/2011 [2] Hartocollis, A., Calorie Postings Don’t Change Habits, Study Finds, published 10/6/2009, http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/06/nyregion/06calories.html, accessed 9/15/2011"
"Companies focus on profits, so will not voluntarily list calories. Companies never do what is best for the customer voluntarily, unless it increases their profit margins. For most restaurants, that don't cater to the health conscious consumer, calorie counts will hurt their business, because it will give people who are generally uninformed a real look at what they're eating. While this may be best for people, most restaurants have no incentive to do it."
"Roe Vs Wade is sexist and leans only towards the female's. Hello to my opponent id like you ask you to number points makes it easier to attack and defend for both sides. So since i have to waste letters by doing this do it next time please. My opponents case 1. my opponent's main arguments is that it gives women all the rights and forgets the male rights. Yet, my question to my opponent, is what right does the male have in determining something that belongs to the woman? Objection, one could argue that just because its in her body does not mean it completely belongs to her, it was the males sperm that fertalized it making it also apart of him. To just go out and say oh yeah half its DNA is yours but no its not yours? Thats just bigotry. 2. If a woman chooses to have the baby, that baby requires support from both parents. Therefore, it is logical that the baby recieves support from his/her father. Yes, but in 95% of custody cases the mother wins, meaning men get the shaft and most of the time always have to pay child support. They also calculate mens child support higher than womens. 3. 99% of pregnacies are due to consentual sex. I ask my opponent, what if there was a case where a woman was unemployed and the father was employed. Shouldn't the mother have the right to get support from the father? Thats a hypothical, the thing about those is i can say what if its reverse he has no job, she does? but this is not my arguments the point of this debate is not just child support its why do men have to pay child support and take repsonsiblity but have no say in stopping abortion? 4.It is not a one-sided ruling. The fact of the matter is what belongs to the woman is the woman's right. ................................................. oh im sorry i was kind thinking how sick this statement is, The man's sperm makes that baby without it you wouldn't have it. Its a part of him not 100% female's its a 50/50 why don't we have 50/50 rights? Last time a check females don't asexually reproduce, it does not fully belong to them and to not allow a man the right to stop and abortion is wrong because when it comes to money oh its our responsiblity but when it comes to what happens to that embryo we don't? its hypocritical and sexist."
"students should not be penalizaed for missing classes. When you have shown your ideas about this, I have one thing in mind. You are in developed world, while i am in developing country. The system is very different from each other. The kind system that you have been mentioned is not valid in developing country like mine. Students need to study only 4 hours a day in their state school not a full day, so they have time to work. Many business company are also hired them and pay them money. School doesn't have much money to support the poor students as you said. The school has not much scholarship for more than 100 students per school. In our world, students is responsible for their own problems and things. The school can help some of their things, but not all not the family financial problems, so students still have to find job by their own. Footballer should not be in college? They can't have right to get others education beside their talent to play football??? They may want to learn other subjects in college, but not all. so they still miss some classes. I talk in general, not always in college. Many school want to save money, so they hired some unqualified teachers that paid low salary. Some of these teachers still have in many schools. Anyway, your arguments are not always correct. Kid skip school, so they should be penalized. But it doesn't always mean kid skip school to do bad things, so kids should not be penalized. We can give them advice not penalized them. Costs school tax doesn't affect to the school's destiny. When student enrolled, they have to pay the full course. Even he or she doesn't come to study, but the school get money already. Nothing that Costs school tax will affect the school. I still believe 'Students should not be penalized for missing classes'. Finally, i am very happy and i feel interested with the arguments that we have made in this debate. I thank you again for The_Master that spent time debating with me. I hope we will have more chances discussing about other motions again."
"The death of god. ""Why not off myself right now? Why continue to live this meaningless life? I pose these questions to hopefully show you that life has a meaning. So tell me, if life as you see it has no meaning, why don't you off yourself right now? Do I want you to commit suicide? No, I believe life has value. Why would life have value if it were meaningless? I am sure you can find a hundred philosophical answers to this question. Therefore, the question stands, does the value of life give meaning to life?"" You wish for my rebuttal? Very well. First the reason behind not killing yourself: Because you have the religion escape, as i said in my argument. People turn to god (and yes i use both God and god i am sorry if i was confusing i mean them both as god for all religions) for the escape from no meaning. An afterlife gives us meaning so that we can go on. However the value of life does not, in itself, give meaning to life. I give you more of my afformentiond writer. Nietzche saw that a god-based system was devoid of meaning. He thought that the idea of an all-powerful, all loving, and all knowing being was not a strong enough view for people in the new western scientific world view. The scientific view tell us that Humans are not so great. We are not the center of the universe. We are one planet revolving around one star that is one of billions of others. The overman: a being that trancends the accepted value system and goes on to create his own values. "" Let us therefore limit ourselves to the purification of our opinions and valuations and to the creation of our opinions and valuations and to the creation of our own new tables of what is good. We however want to become those we are- human beings who are new, unique, incomparable, who give themselves laws, who created themselves."" Nietzsche. These new humans who ""give themselves laws"" and ""create themselves"" are Overmen. The Overman is a being who cares only for everything. He hates none, and loves all, he cares for none, but helps all. The overman is the stage at which man becomes god. All caring and all loving. One who lives simply to live and enjoy the wonders of life. A reason to live? None. God and an afterlife is not necessary for an Overman. He simply lives with the knowledge that it has no meaning and that he will continue to love despite that fact. I now GRATEFULLY await your response. Thank you for taking me up on this"
"Holocaust deniers should challenged rather than ignored. Often, I have found many do lack information. True, they hold onto their opinions regardless of true facts but if others see the facts presented, they may not be left to believe in revisionist history. Many did not challenge Hitler, saying he was a ridiculous corporal with silly ideas. Those silly ideas went on to ravage Europe. If we do not stand up and say ""you are wrong and here's why""... then we are not standing up for what is right. We need to make our voices counted among those who will not tolerate the memory of those who died....to be forgotten."
"National Security is more important than privacy. For this round, I will keep my opening argument short. In today's topic, we are arguing if National Security is more important than ones privacy. The definitions have been defined in the first round, and me and my opponent both agree with the definitions. To begin the argument, I will discuss on how privacy is not really worth it, compared to National Security. Privacy, like defined before, is ""The state or condition of being free from being observed or disturbed by other people"". I admit we need our privacy at times, but the safety of ones country is much more greater. Think about it like this, do you have anything to hide? Are you doing anything illegal? If not, then why worry? Secondly, the National Security did work until Obama enlisted the use of Government Transparency. Government Transparency is defined as: ""Government's obligation to share information with citizens"". It can be good and bad, depending on how one looks at it; but I will prove on how its bad. Stated under the article ""The Truth About Transparency - Why Wikileaks Is Bad for All of Us"", it states that the reasoning it is bad, to have Government Transparency, is because of us, the viewers, learning what the Government is doing; and have many disagreements with their actions. In fact, it actually takes away the Governments privacy, which is way more important than an unknown individuals privacy. And the benefits within the privacy of the Government is the allowance to do missions, and accomplish those missions which protects society; with no interference. And well as the fact that the Patriot Act is actually being wanted to be renewed. Stated under the article ""Americans Say They Want The Patriot Act Renewed "", it states that 61% of people want the act renewed because of the safety it has promoted within the country. Sources: http://www.shaheen.senate.gov... http://www.dhs.gov... http://www.huffingtonpost.com... http://www.npr.org..."
"should deadbeat parents be punished by law. Definition of deadbeat - ""One who does not pay one's debts. A lazy person; a loafer."" [1] Since this is applying to parents, I will adjust the definition to, ""A parent who does not pay one's debts. A lazy parent."" I await to see my opponent's argument that a parent not staying up to date on the loans or is just plain lazy should be prosecuted for child cruelty. [1] http://www.thefreedictionary.com..."
"Non-biological Surrogate Mothers Should Have The Right To Keep The Child. Now an extremely large number of people will see this debate, and think like almost all do that the Con side has the moral high ground and I would agree with that. On legal grounds the surrogate mothers have the right to keep the baby if they would like to, Biological or not. It states in law this, and I will offer a source to this. https://www.gov.uk.... Thank you and good luck."
"Affirmative Action. True, people are obligated to preserve their rights otherwise they don't have a right to complain that they don't have them, and no one is going to go fill up said morons ditch because its not safe, they would leave that to him. Though if it is something beyond their capability, they should receive help as this would be the case in any other situation, such as someone falling into a ditch not because of himself, but because some other buffoon dug a ditch. And though issue would get fixed by themselves in a free market system, who's going to ensure that the free market remains free? The government ob course, because the government is there to protect the rights of the people, which includes property and liberty, as ell as the pursuit of property, i.e. a free market is a human right, which the government must preserve."
"The Ghosts in 'The Turn of the Screw' were Imagined by the Governess. ""how can the governess imagine somethign [sic] in a movie or book""Your claims make no sense. The Governess, as a fictional charater, will think whatever the author wants her to think. Many writers over the coarse of history have taken advantage of the fact that their audience perceives the story only through the eyes of an unreliable narrator and as such can have no idea what is objectively taking place in the story. Fight Club is perhaps one of the most famous examples of this. This is what I believe occurs in The Turn of the Screw. As we are told only the version of the story the governess herself remembers, we are told that the ghosts were real, because that is what the governess thought. However, as in the scenes I described above, there is actually no other proof of this. Furthermore the governess' own mental state has been called in to question by many critics and it is often asserted that she was mentally unstable and sexually repressed. Indeed the control she begins to exhibit over the children in many instances feels unnatural and overbearing. She also fantasises over the childrens uncle, becoming noticeably preoccupied with the hope that he will return to the house to sweep her off her feet. Therefore it is fully possible that she, as a finctional character imagines the hauntings that take place at Bly."
The Democratic Party and Republican Party are not the same party with different names. I will limit the primary reasons to three points. 1. Different reasoning The Democratic Party tends to lean left. While the Republican Party leans right. The left-right spectrum tends to be viewed as the separation between those who believe in equality and those who do not subscribe to equality. Left is associated with equality while the right is associated with inequality. The difference is not absolute because there are individuals who subscribe to some left wing and some right wing ideas(1). (1)Left and Right: The Significance of a Political Distinction-Bobbio 2. Difference theories about governance The two parties have distinctively different ideas on how the United States should be governed. Here is the two party platforms. Democratic Platform: . http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu... Republican Platform: . http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu... 3. Different in practice Not a single Republican voted for the ACA.
"Goats are better than Donkeys. I urge viewers to watch it should viewers need a laugh. Take note however, this resolution isn't about humour, but about how Goats are better than donkeys. How goats are more beneficial than donkeys. Pro's ConcessionI am shocked by his concession. Instead of disapproving my stance, he agreed with it that donkeys serve a crucial role for society, as he states ""Walmart sells donkey meat. Donkeys are known well for making precious milk or cheese. . http://worldnews.nbcnews.com...... . http://www.milkingredients.ca...... "". I'd like to thank Pro for bolstering my argument and for providing sources for me. Pro's goat kicking theoryPro claimed that Goats have kicking abilities by looking at a few pictures on google. Pro argued without evidence. As Christopher Hitchen says“That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence. ” Even I can argue that donkeys have kicking abilities by looking at their pictures and intrepreting it the way I like. Without a proper scientific source, his argument is nullified. Better yet, I can say that since donkeys have the same role as horses, and as horses have kicking abilities(1) as explained by the accidental horseman ""When in a herd and as part of their natural pecking order, horses will bite or kick at their mates"". I can argue that donkeys inherit the same ability. He asserts his argument without evidence. His theory holds no empirical value. EVIDENCE should precede argument, NOT ARGUMENT precede EVIDENCE. (Not my quote, I rephrased it from Ed Miliband's speech in House of Commons during the debate on Intervention in Syria)Deadly DonkeysPro argued that donkeys are dangerous and ruthless but he did not argue how this was linked to ""Goats better than donkey"" argument. As with sharks, they are also dangerous. what is pro trying to suggest? that we should kill ruthless animals for being aggressive? . That is for another debate with a proper resolution, not this debate that warrants that goats to be better than donkeys. Benefits of GoatsPro cites without proper evidence to back his opinion on ""cut grass for free because of their want for grass"". He should have at least linked it to their diet, but he didn't. The resolution is nullifiedPro lack of RebuttalsMy Contention was offered and he did not refute any of my arguments. Therefore, I ask that my argument be extended to future rounds. I'd like to thank Pro for making me laugh. This is very funny but I must suggests that he sticks with the current resolution as what was AGREED. Till then, I await his next argumentSource(1). http://hglanham.tripod.com..."
"Would our founding fathers of America approve of current government. Hello, happy to be debating this round. My position, for this resolution, will be that the Founding Fathers of the United States, that is, people like George Washington, Alexander Hamilton, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Madison, would approve of the current government of the United States writ large, as viewed through the lens of American Constitutional law. I cannot defend every possible objection, of course, but I think through this round I will demonstrate that, on the macro level, the Founding Fathers would accept the current system of governance. I look forward very much to this debate and to Con's arguments. Let the debate begin!"
"Scandinavia is better than the U.S.A. 1. The Norwegian's pay an astronomical amount for taxes. It is at 39 percent. http://www.tradingeconomics.com... 2. I never said they were happy. I'm saying we are much more patriotic than any Scandinavian countries. http://www.borgenmagazine.com... 6. None of your countries are the richest countries the world. Qatar is. Norway is the closest at #6. Like YOU mentioned before America has one of the biggest populations in the world, so therefore we're first in a lot of things. 7.Your article mentions how America gives the most money to charity. I don't really care about percentages, there are two countries bigger than us in population. So it still matters. 8. Exactly, Scandinavia is a lot more limited than America. That is another benefit of ours. 10. Natural geography? It isn't even a competition, America has much better environmental feats. We have the Grand Canyon, Niagra Falls, Mt. McKinley, which happens to be the third largest mountain in the world. 11. Canada does not have a queen. 13. It doesn't matter if you have a smaller population, the point is it wouldn't be a competition if we went to war. Even if we went on a percentage basis, the patriotism argument comes to play. America is THE MOST patriotic country in the world. We would fight the hardest to protect our country and it's freedom. 14. http://geography.about.com... Although the link is from 2011, Wikipedia has the same positions, but the numbers are increased. All I have time for."
"Rap battle. niggas aint got s%$# cuz biiches on my d%^@niggas aint got biichescuz i got s%#$ on my d#$@ (ferreal)ye aint got 20 inch rimsye aint got dem manly limbsgugan's the nigga's nameand he got no biiches (shame)call me cherrytree i chop yo asss down.makin gugan look like he's a f$#%in' clown.dis battle was over b4 it begun, son,i shoot down fake niggas like im strappin a gun (BRAP BRAP BRAP) over"
"Their is evidence for Creation. You are saying that there is evidence for creation. The burden is on you to present the evidence. If you can not present evidence, your argument is little more than a baseless assertion. If you do present what you consider to be evidence, it would be my job to point out how the evidence you present does not necessarily imply a supreme being. Random is defined as ""Proceeding, made, or occurring without definite aim, reason, or pattern"". One could argue that nothing is truly random, and random is an illusion created by our own inability to account for all variables. Aim is defined as ""To intend or direct for a particular effect or purpose"". If there is an aim, we are not aware of it. Reason is defined as ""A basis or cause, as for some belief, action, fact, event, etc"". Matter seems to be consistent in that it operates under cause and effect. You could call that reason. Pattern is defined as ""A combination of qualities, acts, tendencies, etc., forming a consistent or characteristic arrangement"". Patterns are apparent in just about everything once enough information is gathered. Things that once appeared to be random are shown to work under the same cause and effect laws as everything else. If something appears to be random, it is due to ignorance of these variables unaccounted for. I doubt anything is truly random. It would be a bit of a stretch to say that DNA is proof of creation. (All definitions once again pulled from Dictionary.com)"
"3 divided by 0 is 3. I have 3 real sodas, I divide them between no one, so no times, shared by none, so I have not done anything, so its true to say 0 division happened but I have 3 sodas 3/1=3 3/0=3 why is 3 divided with 1, 3 when there is no division going on? the outcome of dividing with 0 is the same as dividing with 1 everything is 1, everything is something, and nothing is 0, matter and information, physical and mental"
"The State should be separated from the Church or churches. In displaying a faith’s text it is effectively endorsing it. The state is secular: government schools may teach religion, but not preach it. It is clear that displaying the Commandments is intended not merely to inform students of their existence and meaning, but rather to instruct them in and promote Christian belief. Schools should be teaching children to think critically and form their own worldview rather than being forced to conform to a religion so early in life."
Gambling for Muslims in Vea. I just noticed something that I for some reason failed to notice before and would like to amend at this time. The argument: ///If the government were to make a law that prohibited only Muslims from entering casinos they would in effect be violating this amendment by making a law that only applies to Muslims./// is now If the government were to make a law that prohibited only Muslims from entering or specifically allowed Muslims entrance to casinos they would in effect be violating this amendment by making a law that only applies to Muslims.
"Should Minecraft be allowed in schools. This is my final post. hope you like it. http://www.dogonews.com... Sweden has to be one of the coolest places for a kid to grow up in - First, they introduced the concept of schools with no grades or classrooms, then came Monstrum's amazing playgrounds and now, the coolest idea of all - 'Forcing' 13-year-olds to play Minecraft as part of the classroom curriculum. The seed for this rather radical idea was planted when the government of Sweden organized a national school competition called 'Future City' for which classrooms were asked to submit their ideas about the kind of structures they envisioned in the Sweden of the future. It was such a success that educators at Stockholm's Viktor Rydberg school decided to continue this 'out of the box' thinking by incorporating Minecraft into the class curriculum for 13-year-students. According to the teachers, the game which challenges kids to use their imagination by building virtual worlds complete with electricity grids, water supply pumps and anything else they would like to see in their future, allows students to think beyond the classroom frontiers. This they believe, will help them make better decisions as adults, especially about things like the environmental impact of their actions. And while it may sound radical to most people they liken it to teaching a woodcraft class - except in this case, all the construction is being conducted in a virtual world. So far, 180, 13-year girls and boys, have participated in this mandatory unit, which not surprisingly has been such a huge hit that the school is planning to make it a permanent addition to their curriculum. It of course augments, not replaces, core subjects like math and science. The educators say that even parents who were a little apprehensive about their kids playing video games at school, are now on board and fully support this decision. We wonder if any school in the US would even consider such a drastic curriculum addition - And how parents would react."
"I automatically win. automatically= occurring spontaneously, reflexively. burden of proof = the duty of proving a disputed charge [1] Untrue. Contention 1: Credibility Debates are decided largely on the basis of credibility. Pretend you say nothing. You do not reply to this argument. You fail to post an argument in all subsequent rounds. Does this fulfill the burden of proof? No. So it is an action the affirmative is trying to defend. Yet if a person says nothing, there is nothing to sway the mind of others toward their side. Contention 2: See-saw. In a normal debate, each person has arguments to prove a resolution. Yet suppose one side does not make any new arguments, but only reply to those of their opponent. You are not fulfilling the burden of proof for your side. You are not advancing your case. You may still win if you fully defeat all my arguments, but if I have even one argument left standing, then I win the debate. To win, you must tip the see-saw of opinion toward your side, or at least make it balanced. Yet if I have anything left on one side, I still win. Thank you to the voters, to mom, to dad, and to America and the global economy as a whole. Goodnight ladies and gentlemen. [1] http://wordnetweb.princeton.edu..."
"The South was justified in leaving the Union prior to the Civil War. The resolution stands.The supreme court ruled that secession was illegal. The supreme court is the ultimate proof, right by the Constitution, of what is and is not legal in the United States. If the Supreme Court rules that an action is illegal, then by its Constitutional authority, that action IS illegal. Therefore, the south was not legally justified. The resolution stands. The south seceded to keep slavery. Slavery is immoral. The South was not morally justified. Given that southern secession was not justified in either faction of the concept of ""justification,"" I urge that the South was not justified at all in seceding. Vote CON. Thankyou for reading."
"Donald Trump is sensationalised in countries other than the USA. Memes, hate club pages and phony news articles cover the internet and advocate the ideas of Donald Trump in a hateful way. This has imposed a general dislike for the politician within our population. Is this deserved? For many people in countries other than the USA, the true motives of the politician are sometimes questioned. America is a large world power and honest interpretations of the president seem to be essential in the smooth running of a fragile world."
"Sasquatch does not exist. My opponent says, ""the amount of evidence required to convince skeptics is huge"". Who cares what skeptics think? The only people that need to be convinced that Bigfoot exists are the scientists that can determine whether they exist or not. The skeptics decision can then be made on their own by viewing the conclusiveness of the evidence determined by the scientists. The amount of evidence needed to prove a species existence is as small as a strand of hair. Even though hairs are small, and only a small amount are needed, the evidence that can be drawn from them can be huge. Still, no hair has been found to convince scientists or skeptics. I don't know why the FBI's most wanted keeps popping up in this debate. All I want to say to this is that my opponent has misinterpreted me TWICE on this subject. I clearly said, ""In America we have the technology, skill, and intelligence to track down 'a' person hiding anywhere in the country"", yet somehow my opponent thinks this means that we can track down ""anyone"" in the country. Even though similar, 'a' and 'anyone' are not identical in meaning. My opponent argues that there is no physical evidence of Bigfoot because an average person would not assume hair or bones that they found would belong to Bigfoot, which makes sense. But imagine this: You are walking in the woods when in the distance you spot a creature that you believe to be Bigfoot. This creature walks out of sight or runs away before you have time to get a picture or take a video. What would you do? Would you go back home and report your eye witness account that has almost zero credibility? Hopefully not, because the smart thing to do would be to go to the location where you spotted the creature, find its footprints, and then try to find either a sample of hair or skin from the area and bring that with you in the hopes that you have managed to find DNA proof of Bigfoot. Heck, you could even chase after it! My point is that finding physical evidence is very possible, but nobody out of the thousands of reported witnesses have done it. Sounds fishy to me. So think about it. Which side of this debate is easier or more likely to believe? The argument that Bigfoot does exist is only held afloat by faulty eye witness accounts, photos, videos, and footprints that can all be very easily faked. There is no real evidence that Bigfoot exists. On the other hand, you have the argument that Bigfoot does not exist. This side of the argument is supported by logic, facts, and science. So which side is easier to believe? Hopefully I don't need to answer that for you, because the conclusion is obvious. Thank you Rainbowdash52 for debating this topic with me."
"Electronic Music Battle. LOL! ROFLMAO! HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHA OMG!!!!!!!!! xD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I don't even know what to say... you are entitled to your opinion about mine, I love it but you can think as you like. It wasn't a trance piece, the beat was too strong for trance. By the way I would identify the genre of that as 'jumpstyle techno' not sure if that makes sense.Just for sake of fairness I want to let people know they should vote on song preference alone, not on the comedic quality of it... I just don't think that's a fair method of deducing winner?Now to show you my second favourite song of all time... This is one of the songs that made me 'fall in love' with electronic music, prior to this standard of electronic music I used to think of it as 'cheap' or 'not real music' but something about this music made me really like it. It's just so nice, evokes the right emotions.http://www.youtube.com..."
"Humans can't alter their dispositions. Hello once again Firstly I must point out a few flaws in my opponents case; my opponent stated that, ""Mother nature plays all the cards,"" when if mother nature truly controls everything that we do and say and even our destiny then what is the explanation of how different identical twins can end up being. Identical twins are exactly the same in the way of genetics and therefore look exactly the same, but often these people grow up to be completely different people. Through looking at the massive differences between these people who theoretically should act and say the Exact same thing we cannot deny the importance of Nurture in a child""s upbringing. An excellent example of two twins who were nurtured to be completely different is the case of David Reimer. In 1965 the Canadian Reimer family got two new members, identical twins Brian and Bruce were born. Because of both of the twins having urinary difficulties they decided to get them circumcised. During the procedure the power cut out and the laser accidentally burnt off Baby Bruces penis. The family was distraught and they consulted many doctors but none had a solution. It was only one night on telly that they were given hope again, a psychologist Dr. John Money claimed that he could raise a baby boy to think that he was a girl. Pamela Reimer agreed to meet him and they were soon hooked on the idea. Twins Bruce and Brian were the perfect case as Dr. Money could use Brian as the constant variable. So they began and with regular consults with Dr. money baby Bruce(Brenda) grew up a happy young girl. It was only at age 13 that it was finally revealed to Brenda (later to be known as David Reimer) that he was in fact a boy. Despite the case not being completely successful in the end, we cannot deny that the case was relatively successful. It was only because of the emotional distress that Brenda went through while in consult with his psychologist (Dr Money) as he tried to convince him further that he was girl even presenting options like a vagina reconstruction. We cannot overlook how important nurture is in the upbringing of children and David Reimers case proves that nurture can in fact overcome nature even in an area as important as the gender of a person."
"JD/MBA will not hurt and may help law firm prospects.'. ""Introduction to the JD/MBA Dual Degree."" TopLawSchools.com: ""And finally – don’t listen to TLS forum users claiming that a JD/MBA joint degree will hurt your chances of landing a job in BigLaw; this is unfounded with supporting evidence that is apocryphal at best. After speaking with numerous graduates of a JD/MBA programs, career services offices, and law/business professors who have worked in corporate law and the business world, I have been told repeatedly that the impact of the MBA on your legal job hunt will unlikely have any negative effect. It may not move your resume to the top of the stack, and is certainly not as important as what law school you went to or what grades you earned, but it will absolutely not hurt and can often be a good story to tell/angle to take during interviews."""
"The Bible is not absolute and the Bible is not final. The Bible is not a 'WHO' as Con is implying. The Bible is an inanimate object. Only superstition would say that the Bible is a person. Christianity says that there is a Trinity- Father Son Holy Spirit The Second Person of the Holy Trinity was the Word made Flesh. The Bible is not Jesus just like the Bread of Communion here on Earth is not the actual flesh of Christ. It is not what the Roman Catholics say- And the Bible is not what some Protestants, (and others) say that it is. The Bible is a compilations of books that are bound for the fire. The destination of God's Word is our hearts. The destination of the Bible is the fire. (Fire = Hell)"
"We should go to war with isis. Let me say this. I want to see America fight for a change. I am tired of my country getting bullied around. If we stop this damn isis then America could stop worrying about terroristic threat. I am say that we should send troops into isis and end this quickly, I say a year tops. And for those young kids in the army, they knew what they were getting into if they did not want to go to war they would not have joined the army. If we just tried to eliminate this isis threat I say we would destroy them quickly."
"PSBs funding sources give them an unfair advantage in the broadcasting market, harming competition. Public ownership of the media distorts competition, harming private companies in their domestic marketplace and their ability to compete internationally. It does this because the government is funding a service that could be supplied profitably by the private sector - for example, a pop music radio station or the broadcast of sporting events. The market share of private companies inevitably suffers, along with their ability to raise advertising revenue based upon the size of their audience. This means that private broadcasters end up with less money to spend on their programmes and are less well placed to compete internationally. James Murdoch, son of the medal mogul Rupert Murdoch, in his MacTaggart Lecture at the Edinburgh Television Festival in 2009 echoed this opinion stating that the free news output by the BBC “""threatens the provision of news in Britain"".[1] [1] The Independent (2009) The BBC’s Unhealthy Dominance. [Accessed 1st June 2011] Available at: http://www.independent.co.uk/opinion/leading-articles/leading-article-the-bbcs-unhealthy-dominance-1778976.html"
"Flat Earth (Pro) vs Spherical Earth (Con). ""So, the Earth, according to what you said, is the ""center of the Galaxy. And look every other planet in the known universe! All of which are spherical. And your ""dome atmosphere"" would not work because of the sheer size of Earth. And, is there a place that you can look and see into ""infinity""? No? That's what I thought too!"" So, your argument is, if the Earth is flat, it would be the center of the galaxy and therefore the dome couldn't ""fit"", and besides, the other planets look round? First off, I never implied that the Earth was the ""center of the galaxy"". I believe my opponent is getting that interpretation from artwork of the dome with a galaxy. A more accurate representation would be the dome with stars. ""You can't possibly beat this 13 year old genius!"" I thought you were 23?"
"Newton's second law is false!. Rebuttals: ""http://answers.yahoo.com...... is how Big Bang theory is false."" Alright. Yes, indeed. According to the laws of physics (Conservation of angular momentum[1], in particular), if something is rotating, and a piece of that falls off, that piece must rotate in the same direction. However, that is not what happens. There was a cataclysmic explosion. Asteroids and mass spread out, and the sound amplifies. At one point, asteroids were to hit against each other, forming stars, etc. How is everything in its position? Well, when the Earth, for instance, orbitted around the Sun, it was compelled to continue doing so at the same distance away from the Sun because of its gravitational pull. It was pulling the Earth towards the center of the Sun. However, because of the Earth's sideways motion, it was resisting. And then radiation happens between the Earth and the Sun, which means that the Sun transfers energy through space to Earth. That solar energy then turns into heat. And so on and so forth. Sources: [1] http://en.wikipedia.org..."
"is Cell better then Frieza (DBZ) pro:Cell con:Frieza. Thanks Pro. In conclusion I would like to draw your attention to the following unaddressed points: Pro doesn't address that Frieza is more successful economically Pro doesn't address that Frieza owns more planets than Cell Pro doesn't address that Frieza creates more jobs than Cell does Pro doesn't address that Frieza clearly has better life objectives than Cell Pro doesn't address that Frieza is quite a capable warrior too Pro doesn't address that Frieza has committed genocide on greater scale, and destroyed many more planets Therefore, we can conclude that on balance, Frieza is substantially better than Cell. The resolution is negated, note Con."
"Evolution is more true than Creationism. First of all, evolution is backed up by many discoveries and scientific papers. Here are two discoveries backing evolution: 1. Fossil Record The fossil record includes numerous fossils showing evolution. From tiktaalik to Australopithecus garhi, it is clear that evolution is a fact. 2. Pseudogenes Pseudogenes are like normal DNA code except that they are deactivated from a mutation. It is much like a spelling error in a book or a misplaced island on a map. If two species have the same pseudogene, it is very strong evidence for common descent, one of the key factors for evolution. Here is one more link that will basically sum up evolution's vast collection of evidence: http://en.wikipedia.org..."
"Funny Quotes. I will post five quotes like the instigator has allowed. Hope you like them. ""Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant?? I'm halfway through my fish burger and I realize, oh man....I could be eating a slow learner."" -Lyndon B. Johnson ""When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car"" -Unknown ""I could tell that my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio."" -Rodney Dangerfield ""The latest new dance craze is called, ""The Politician."" It's two steps forward, one step backward, and then a sidestep."" -Unknown ""Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy."" -Albert Einstein Good luck!"
"complet the sentence. Every night, the daughter of the alcoholics watched as both her parents stumbled through the door of their tiny house. She would cower in fear as each one came upstairs, reeking. She sat in bed, hoping they wouldn't come inside. Wishing against all odds that maybe, just maybe, one day, they wouldn't come home drunk. She knew it would never happen, but every night she still wished. As soon as she heard the front door slam shut, she started to hope. That is, until they didn't come home... (I know it's a bit more of a sentence, but it needed a bit of a kick :^) )"
The self is an illusion. There's no centralized self in the brain but it's composed of multiple autonomous regions. People think that there is a thinker of thoughts but in reality there is just the thoughts. Different patterns of neurons in the brain compete with each other and if one pattern wins over the other a certain decision has been made. There is no central part in the brain that collects all the information and decides what to do with it.
"Batman v/s Spiderman. First of all,Batman can instill fear into anybody he faces.Even those who aren't afraid of the likes of Superman fear Batman. So spiderman will be afraid of batman and secondly, he has abilities that are as powerful as captain america's to the point of are superhumanlike so that he can very easily match spiderman's strength,reflexes,speed,and agility. He has a superhuman force of will and can keep on fighting even after he has been to the edge of death. He is also a master of weapons,martial arts, and stealth.He is also a master detective and strategist.Superman describes Batman as ""the most dangerous man on Earth,"" able to defeat a team of super-powered aliens all by himself in order to rescue his imprisoned teammates.Even without all that,he is able to defeat aliens that had superhuman powers that greatly exceeded his own. http://batman.wikia.com..."
"WIFE vs HUSBAND ROUND 1!!!!!. Why am I with you? Cause I'm too kind to divorce you! We both know you can't support yourself! How many jobs have you had in your entire life? Oh that's right, NONE. And no, being a transvestite doesn't count as a job. If it wasn't for me, you'd be out on the streets right now. You came to the rescue? No, I came to the rescue. You have to accommodate with my inexperience? I have to accommodate with your FAT A** holding me back. I could be the CEO or another big wig right now if wasn't for you. You were the one who ruined my life! I could have spent all this time you wasted of mine, writing my novel, talking to my publisher, or just relaxing! Instead, here I am, wasting my time on YOU. You know what you are? You're a steaming pile of TAUNTAUN SH*T. Thinking back, I have wasted my entire life on you, and what have you done? You've burnt through all the money I make never support me. Yeah, I do go to talk to Daisy. At least when she opens her mouth I don't GET AN EAR INFECTION. And do you know where that 40% goes? I bet you do because I don't have a clue! What is it that you tell me again? ""Yours is mine and mine is yours."" You know what? That's a load of BULL. I know you take my money and you don't tell me what you do with it! I bet it goes into the food at the parties you host with your ""friends"". I hate your friends. Gladys eats WAY TOO MUCH. Beth? Don't get me started on Beth. You're always holding me back! I don't need to know how to work the dishwasher or cook, that's what you do. It's the only thing you do other than eat and talk to your overweight and ugly friends. You know, maybe if that 40% didn't go into Gladys blubber we would afford a maid. Excuse that, I would afford a maid because you don't work, and yeah, perhaps this maid will look fine. You're here to help? BULL. I'm not running from the past, I'm running from you. Speaking of pasts, what about you? I know what you're running from. I did a little digging and I know about you, EX-CON. Don't make me tell that to your mama, oh right, SHE'S DEAD. What do you have to say about that?"
"Trans people should be slaves. So I have some pretty abnormal views on human rights. I think that black people should still be slaves. I believe that women have no right to deny a man sex. I believe that rape is a victimless crime and should be legalized. But trans people are different. Trans people exist only for their sexual pleasure, so they should be used as sex slaves. Think about it: Trans people are rare, and they don't contribute anything. We could take them from society without consequence and open establishments where people could come and use them as sex slaves. The money provided could go to the government, and we could decrease our debt! Additionally, most trans people aren't white, so we wouldn't be taking out the people that matter. In fact, this would help us to usher back in the slavery of blacks!"
"should the United States Stanction against irans uranium expenditure. ===Extend my Arguments=== ===Extend my Refutation=== ===Burden of Proof=== My opponent assumes the burden of proof. He has not fulfilled this because he has not refuted my contention. ===Clarification of Rules=== My opponent asks me to abide by his rules as he is the instigator. I would be happy to oblige, except for the fact that no rules were stated. I cannot abide to unwritten rules and do not have to. I took the safer route of refutation in round one so that I wouldn't drop his argument. ===Refutation of his 2nd Contention=== Sanctions are a piece of legislation called resolutions (you can look to the Wikipedia page I provided earlier for this). Resolutions do not involve money or troops. Thus, this point does not stand. I will still address his subpoints 1.) The military does not need to be used in sanctions. Also, if we had more troops, wouldn't that put people to work. So, this point does not stand. But, if it does, then turn it against con because it would increase employment. 2.) He has not proved that sanctioning Iran is a new problem. Thus, his economic stability point does not stand. ===Summary of Debate=== -My opponent assumes the burden of proof, which remains unfulfilled. -A brief summary of refutation on my opponent's case C 1)-He says the U.S. must prioritize. However, he has not proved that sanctions against Iran is not a priority -He says the U.S. cannot take on new problems. He has not proven sanctioning Iran is a new problem -Both of the above points must stand for his contention to stand. Neither do. Thus, this cannot be looked to C 2)-He says sanctioning would require troops. It would not, sanctions are resolutions in legislation. -Even if troops were required, turn this against con. More employment, helping the economy -My opponent provides no warrants. His contentions, especially the first, are not linked to resolution -My opponent did not refute my case. Thus, it still stands =Weighing of Impacts= -Because my opponent has no impacts because his points do not stand, contradiction has no impacts +My impact was clearly established and not challenged. It was increased diplomatic leverage with Iran. This outweighs the con's impacts ===Sample Ballot=== Conduct - Pro - My opponent used ad hominem attacks in the second round. Spelling/Grammar- Pro - My opponent has many spelling and capitalization errors. He even made a spelling error in the title Convincing Arguments- Pro - My point was not refuted. Both of his were Reliable Sources- Pro - Neither of his sources mentioned sanctions at all. Mine were linked directly to sanctions. Normally, I do not want to ask for your vote on every issue. However, with this debate, it happens that I win all of the voting issues. Thank you and happy holidays."
"The story of Noah's Ark is false. There is no way to get animals from around the world to all collect in 1 location at the same time, without force, AND in male/female pairs. The Ark would not have been nearly large enough to house said animals. You could not have prevented the animals from eating or fighting with each other. There would have been no where to put food, water, or animal feces. There is no sign that a flood of that scale ever took place. How would certain animals (kangaroos, penguins) make the journey to the ark? How did all the plant life on earth survive such a flood? There is no sign of the Ark's remains anywhere."
"Favourite music challenge. Thank you.I will start off with this really catchy dubstep song that my friend's friend made. He's really good at this stuff and this is my favourite video from his channel. His channel may not be that popular but I love his songs!I chose this song because when I listen to it, I can't help tapping my foot and moving to the rythm. Catchy and addicting. I found this when a video that my friend made incoportated this song. Afterwards, I was hooked.[Glitch] - Minoru - 187"
"Should social media be allowed in school. First of all media should be allowed because of many reasons. One reason is to play Fortnite, Fortnite is a online game in which you can play with your friends on a co-op made in Save The World or a Battle Royale version. In the Battle Royale version it is a FFA (Free For All) the last one standing wins the game. There are also three modes in the Battle Royale version, Solo (so you can play on your own), Duo (play with a friend), or Squad (you and up to three players)."
"Capitalism. Thanks for answering my debate challenge :). Well to being with in your list of definitions you mention communism so I guess that's the system you like. Well it's true that capitalism hasn't brought us a perfect system of economy, but however it's a pretty good system, I know there's companies that are pretty cruel and have abuse a lot of the people that's totally a fact and that capitalism hasn't get rid of the caste system in its totality. But if we look at communism it hasn't worked well at all in any of the countries that had it over the years such as Venezuela, Cuba (even tho they say they were socialist they reflected another thing..). Capitalism has worked way better than any other system in the History of mankind and as far as is reflected is way better than communism and socialism, in those 2 systems you can't really grow over someone and you'll always be equal to everyone which I don't think is right. This all I have for this round."
Joke Theft is Wrong. Just because I don't think it should be illegal does not mean I think its moral. Many different things that are immoral are legal and just because I disagree the law should be involved does not mean I agree with them doing it. I am not saying people can't have the same jokes I am saying people specifically and clearly taking others jokes should be looked down on as they did not put effort. And the premise to this argument is misleading your point was that joke theft is not wrong but what you are arguing for is not joke theft you are arguing that the premise of joke theft within itself is flawed because there are a finite amount of jokes making the accidental taking of a joke inevitable however accidentally using a joke that someone else wrote is not joke theft its just an accident. While intentionally taking someones jokes because you cannot be bothered to write your own is joke theft and should be looked down on as you are not putting in the same effort as the person who originally wrote the jokes.
"Politicians will simply ignore how we vote. Yes politicians will sometimes break their promises or for some reason not be able to fulfil them. When the Liberal Democrats made their manifesto they did not expect to be in coalition with the Conservatives, with two incompatible manifestos some things were going to have to be dropped. Equally sometimes the party in power will find they can’t get through the changes they want. The point of voting when events might overtake a manifesto is that the party’s ideology will tell you how they are likely to react – a libertarian in 10 Downing Street would have let the banks go bust or a communist would have nationalised them. Many could have anticipated that a Labour government would engage in some kind of bail out to save savers and the system. By having voted for the Labour party voters were saying they wanted a slightly left of centre response to events."
"From a debate judging standpoint, LM should win the ""Cousins and beer nuts"" debate. Logical-Master, It gives me great pleasure to accept this difficult debate. It clearly will be hard for me to support an argument of such odd stature, but I am up for the challenge. I also enjoyed debating you in our ""High School Musical"" debate, showing that you are a worthy opponent. I will now begin my opening argument. The topic of this argument is that the concept of ""Cousins"" and ""Beer nuts"" are ""Better"" than ""colon cancer"". mynameisjonas illustrated that his concept was true in the sense that partying with your cousins and eating beer nuts was ""better"" than colon cancer, and viewed the disease of colon cancer as a negative concept. In your opening argument, you exploited the positives of colon cancer to the reader, showing that fatalities caused by colon cancer keeps the population in check. However, after the chart you displayed, you made the claim that ""Since Colon Cancer is beneficial to keeping the population in check, it's good (gotta love Utilitarianism during these debates :D ) outweighs the good which my opponent brought up in his opening argument."" In layman's terms, you claim that keeping the overall population in a figurative homeostasis is better than creating memories and experiencing elation with one's relatives. But is it? One can argue this claim, in the views of long-term vs. short-term. While in the long run, keeping the population at a reasonable amount benefits others, in the short run, having fun outweights any situation around one. Let's say you're in an ice cream parlor with a group of friends, sharing stories and slurping frappes. I'd bet my soul you're not thinking about global warming right then and there. No, you're much too preoccupied hanging out, relaxing, and getting to know each other better. Now, eventually dies. Everyone takes their part in keeping the population in check. It's inevitable. Making happy memories is something one must go out and do on their own, and once they've made them, they have them for the rest of their life. Lamenting over death wont prevent you from dying, and lamenting over a lack of friends wont raise your social status. The only difference is that you can change the latter, and your efforts to change that will provide you with a special skid mark in the road of life after you die. Everyone dies, but not everyone has happy memories. In a battle of importance, the commonness of death vs. the less common, effort-necessary concept of having friends gives edge to the latter in its uniqueness, therefore it is better. Since you simply stated that your side was superior, I believe that you do not have enough evidence to prove that point, and that your debate is incomplete. Therefore, LM should not win. I await your rebuttal."
"The Roman Republic and Empire were ultimately beneficial to the peoples of the world. Round #1 will be for acceptance of the debate. No new points may be introduced on the final round, as usual. Beneficial - conferring benefit; advantageous; helpful: the beneficial effect of sunshine. Said advantage/benefit may be monetary, in terms of liberty, in terms of order, or any other term with which ""advantageous"" is associated in modern English. I think that's all the clarifying I can do, other than to say that ""ultimately"" shall act in both a short and long term sense, i.e. the Romans burned this city to the ground, the Romans introduced this structure to this part of the world, etc. I'm actually not sure on this point, but I'll play the devil's advocate against my former pro - Roman self."
"The Eagles won the Super Bowl fair and square. Firstly, I do think that the Eagles are a fair team and they play very well. One of the best. I just want to bring up the fact that many many people were complaining that the NFL was getting boring since the Patriots went the Superbowl 6 times in a row. The views were going down and they were losing money. What if it was on purpose they lost? Again not putting down the Eagles, they are a really good team as well and it was a good game. Just examine this idea and think about it. It makes a lot of sense. If they were losing money they needed to give the viewers what they wanted. Mix it up. While yes, why would they fake it now is the question. Seems suspicious. Every year for example there is a scandal involving the NFL or a team. Also, players like Aaron Rodgers gets hurt somehow every year when the team is doing okay. If the NFL is hiding something I think a debate should made to determine that. What is the next scandal?"
"is the belief in a God/Creator more logical than the belief of scientific theory. Can you clarify the other possibilities where something exists/ has existed without having a beginning of some sorts. Also although I am a believer in God my argument is not to prove Gods existence as this is impossible to ""prove"" its rather to prove that the God theory is the more logical theory of the two and that scientific theory is in turn more irrational, to believe something began is logical, its common sense, a theory that space, matter, atoms or anything else created themselves from nothing is surely more unrealistic than the belief that something created them, atheists tend to base there arguments againsts Gods existence on religious scripture rather than the actual fundamental belief in a creator of the universe."
"Consciousness (Human, animal, etc) Can Exist Without a Brain. The topic of the debate is consciousness, the premise is that it can exist outside of the brain but we just don't have a machine capable of running it.Suppose that we understood all of the laws of nature that enable life to exist. Then suppose hypothetically that you could simulate all the models of chemistry/physics/quantum physics necessary, either in a virtual world, or in reality in some sort of ""brain machine"". I think that you could have an independently thinking consciousness in either the supercomputer program, or the machine that is equivalent to the brain in all aspects.. As for what ""ROM"" and ""operating system"" that would be needed to be loaded initially, that is a difficult matter and could be a topic of debate should you so choose.4 rounds, 5000 characters. You have the burden of proof on any claim that you make, as do I; anything not refuted will be considered true until refuted. You can state in the first round, an overview of why you think that a human brain and a human mind need each other plus the spark of life, in order to create a consciousness, and why the lack of any of these 3 things will not cause the ""flame"" of consciousness to keep burning. I will be debating that none of these 3 things are required.This debate is not intended to be taken overly seriously. You can make the ""extraordinary claims"" without the ""extraordinary evidence"" part, as long as it's not ""extraneous claims with inane evidence""."
"Resolved: Adolescents ought to have the right to make autonomous medical choices. I. Adolescents don't have as good a knowledge of what is best for the family as do their parents/guardians.In this argument, my opponent says that adolescents may not have the best knowledge when it comes to the finances of the family. However, I'd like to ask my opponent which is more important: possibly saving an innocent life (or doing what's in their best interests) or the money involved? Most would agree that life trumps finances in almost any situation. My opponent then claims that the definition of medical can be made to relate to unnecessary procedures such as tattoos, piercings, and cosmetic surgery. However, this isn't quite true. Here's the definition again:Medical - of or relating to the science of medicine, or to the treatment of illness and injuries.;of or relating to conditions requiring medical but not surgical treatment. [1]Tattoos, piercings, and cosmetic surgery are purely for appearance and don't follow this definition. II. Not all teens have the brain capacity to make good choices, so they would be best off if adults made choices for them.My opponent says that the brains of adolescents aren't as developed as adults. However, I already explained this in my own arguments. Because of this, I'll repeat most of that argument here. It’s a common argument that adolescents simply can’t and shouldn’t make important decisions on their well-being because of their age. However, this is simply false. It’s been found that adolescents as young as fourteen can make their own decisions with competence. “These studies… suggest that adolescents, aged 14 and older, possess the cognitive capability to reason, understand, appreciate, and articulate decisions comparable to young adults. Perhaps more significantly, there is a paucity of scientific or social science study that supports the present legal view of adolescent incapacity. Despite the statistical and scientific evidence, which merits serious consideration by policy makers, the principle of decisional incapacity is the raison d' etre for law and the lack of a coherent legal approach for accommodating adolescent issues.” [2] Another study found that, when comparing people of the age of nine, fourteen, eighteen, and twenty-one, the groups of fourteen-year-olds acted similarly to their adult counterparts when making decisions. [3] In other words, they can indeed make competent decisions when it comes to their health, despite their age. Though their brains may not be as developed as their adult counterparts, that doesn't mean that they can't make their own decisions, as proven above. Conclusion In short, I've refuted both my opponent's contentions regarding finances and decision making. Thank you. I look forward to my opponent's rebuttals of my arguments. Best of luck. So long and goodnight. Citations[1]http://tinyurl.com...[2]http://tinyurl.com...[3]Adolescent Autonomy: Clarifying an Ageless Conundrum"" Hastings Law Journal 51 Hastings L.G. 1256. Rhonda Gay, J.D., Ph.D. August 2000."
"Eternal Punishment in Hell for thought crimes is unjust. I do not mean to be rude, and I thank you for trying to debate with me here. However, in order to avoid being a person with double-standards, I will have to use the same harsh tone with you as I would with any other opponent who does not read my posts carefully. 1) I clearly stated that I am specifically talking about the Islamic Hell. I don't care if Muslims believe 'the first part of Christianity' (whatever that means), there are significant differences between the Islamic and Christian ideas of justice and salvation and I do not want to discuss Christianity here. 2) Your incoherent argument demonstrates that you did not watch the video because it just restates the ridiculous points that are refuted in the video. God gets mad because of something his weak and feeble creations 'think'? And this is supposed to be a Wise being? Get real! 3) You say that god is 'under control' and I think that you meant to say that God is 'in control', which further suggests to me that this is going to be less of a debate and more of me trying to understand what your verbal diarrhoea could possibly mean."
"God DOES exits, but not in the way you think it does. There is a variety of contexts where I can disprove the existence if God, each coming from a different cosmological scenario. If I start with Mainstream Science and then progress towards different concepts of reality then from the source, religion, I can end with how God being contradicts itself. Now, there is an idea within the scientific community called Intelligent Design. If your concept of God is limited to a Creator then we are not arguing for the other properties of God, such as Benevolence, Actions of God (being sent to the afterlife etc). Afterlife will not be included in the argument against mainstream science and intelligent design. So in this scenario I will argue against there being a Creator. The intricacies of science suggest to the simple minded that all the calculations of physics and logic were known, thus designed. Is an intelligence the only method to how the calculations could manifest as reality. Has nobody considered an automatic, deterministic way. Even computers work this way. So now I have dismissed Choice in the idea of intelligent design. Something as deterministic as a physical force can lead to the idea of logical contructs in reality. When something is impossible, it will not happen. If planets can not orbit in a square, they won't. Why is this so intelligent, it's only the impossible not occurring."
"Metallica is better than rap. None of the lyrics make sense. I don't care if there is cussing in any music but rap is just a bunch of meaningless words put together to rhyme. Showing me lyrics and a video isn't evidence that rap isn't trash you showed me a video and lyrics. The song One is about a soldier who has been wounded in war and the lyrics make sense, it actually tells a story. Here is a link to the song for you and lyrics down below I can't remember anything Can't tell if this is true or dream Deep down inside, I feel the scream This terrible silence stops with me Now that the war is through with me I'm waking up, I cannot see That there's not much left to me Nothing is real but pain now Hold my breath as I wish for death Oh, please God, wake me Back in the womb, it's much to real In pumps life that I must feel But can't look forward to reveal Look to the time when I lived Fed through the tube that sticks in me Just like a war time novelty Tied to machines that make me be Cut this shiit off from me Hold my breath as I wish for death Oh, please God, wake me Please God, wake me Now the world is gone, I'm just one Oh, God, help me Hold my breath as I wish for death Oh, please God, help me, help me Darkness imprisoning me All that I see absolute horror I cannot live, I cannot die Trapped in myself Body, my holding cell Land mine has taken my sight Taken my speech, taken my hearing Taken my arms, taken my legs Taken my soul Leaving me with a life in Hell Oh, please God, help me Help me Metallica has great guitar and has lyrics that make sense unlike rap. Sad to think that quality music like this is not very well known in younger generations today."
"Is God real, Is the bible real. I was making the point that instead of using the premise against God, I was using it as evidence, Because if finite beings can describe the God of an infinite universe, Then God is not infinite, And therefore is illogical that the God I believe was God. But God is infinite, A God who created every atom and cell. That, Is logical for the God to be above human Logic. How does explaining an infinite result the idea in question not being infinite? That does not logically follow. B your logic explaining Trump as the president makes him not the president. Our finite life can point infinities like numbers, Even numbers, Prime numbers etc doesn't mean they somehow become finite. You can tell if he people who saw him were unbelievers, They crucified him on the cross. The same people that followed Jesus and his miracles were the same people that killed him. What believer what kill his savior? Does not prove Bible is real or God is real so irrelevant. You can always say that it might have been allusion, That people were just seeing things, The reality is, If 500 people is not enough, And more people seeing God doing thousands of the supernatural, If that's not enough evidence, Then I cannot help you, And were not talking logically. Can 500 people be wrong? Yes do we have anything else to go by? No. Therefore it is a belief since we cannot verify it to be true. If testimonies are wrong are they still testimonies? Yes. If evidence is wrong is it still evidence? No. Evidence: the available body of facts or information indicating whether a belief or proposition is true or valid. https://www. Bethinking. Org/jesus/ancient-evidence-for-jesus-from-non-christian-sourcesLooked at the source. I specifically want current scientists who can verify the texts to be true. More specifically a Christian scientist, Religious scientist that does not follow Christianity and an atheist/agnostic scientist. My arguments would still be the same for past famous people. It is still testimonies no other form of evidence can be found. What does it mean for the""bible as a whole to be repeatable""Lets take one example. The virgin Mary. Can a women give birth without being fertilized? No therefore this cannot be repeatable. If a miracle happens once and only once then it is not repeatable therefore under my 3 criteria The Bible is not evidence which does not prove the existence of God."
"Providing money directly works. All the evidence is that providing money directly to those who need it works much better than providing a mishmash of subsidies and credits decided by government. Providing money directly has been working with limited programs around the world, most prominently with Brazil’s Bolsa Familia which has meant millions of children get primary education because of a small cash incentive.[1] In India the state already spends a huge amount on inefficient poverty reduction programs. If all the money that is spent on these programs was transferred to providing for the direct cash payments equally among the 70million households below the poverty line then it would provide a monthly transfer of 2,140 Rs; more than the poverty line income for rural households.[2] [1] Economist, ‘Give the poor money’, 29 July 2010 [2] Kapur, Devesh, et al., ‘More for the Poor and Less for and by the State: The Case for Direct Cash Transfers’, Economic and Political Weekly, 12 April 2008, p.3"
"Democracy is the best ruling system. Democracy has so long been being stated the best ruling system. I have no problem confessing that. But in the context of today's instable era, democracy has started to leak many flaws. Its case can be compared to a building, having many stories and also, many flaws. Democracy is quite entirely irrelevant in this century. Democracy leads us to something which we should not be led to. The debate here is to state whether democracy is the best system or not. My opponent will go in favour of democracy while I will go against the topic. So, I would like to have the pleasure to invite each and everybody to this open debate, no specific regulations. I hope one interested friend will accept my challenge to do this with me. *#Disclaimer, I am not telling the military powers to force a cue and take us the power, I mean I am not in favour of dictatorship."
"Apart from the moral reason, there is also a simple societal reason why it is wrong to download musi... It’s true that musicians have to eat, too, but it’s not true that downloading cuts their income. Most of the money spent on music goes to record companies, not to artists. Those record companies have been keeping musicians on a leash for decades, paying them less than they could. They paid them enough to make sure they would remain fulltime musicians, but not so much that they didn’t bother to create new albums. So if downloading music files means record companies miss out on some income, we shouldn’t feel bad about it."
"Ford Vs Chevy. I think Fords are better because they have been the #1 truck in the US for 33 years. Also they are the only American company that's not relying on the government to support them. They have stronger frames therefore higher crash test ratings, smooth quiet ride, Multiple cab and bed configurations, and an attractive cab. They have the lowest Hp rated motors of the domestic trucks but also better gas mileage. Chevy has large turning radius, mediocre interior storage, and many other flaws."
"The Las Vegas shooting was a hoax. I accept your challenge and thank you for the opportunity to debate. The events of October 1st were truly tragic, with a breathtaking loss of life. After such events, most people have trouble finding the words to describe such event. But there is at least one word that should not, and cannot be used to summarize the bloodshed; a hoax. The truth of this massacre is so undeniable that to say the contrary is to delve to the level of lunatics and psychopaths. Some of us do indeed wish that the shooting never took place. However, we don't indulge in wishful thinking and pretend that it was a hoax. To win this debate, the affirmative must prove that the shooting was, in fact, a hoax. They can not merely assert it, for whatever is asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence. More specifically, they can not merely say we have reason to doubt, since the resolution is not, ""The Las Vegas Shooting MIGHT have been a hoax"" The burden of proof is on them as the affirmative, and they need to provide evidence for their claims. With that out of the way, it is now the affirmative turn to speak. I hope for a good debate. Thank you."
"Knowledge is better than brute strength. I will admit that strength does have a certain charm to it. However amazing brute strength is knowledge is still superior. First in regards to what you said about Stephen Hawking how often do people go around using strength to injure disabled people. Next brute strength implies that you have strength to an amazing point. It means you have strength in a force greater than normal. So would you rather be incredibly intelligent or have amazing strength. If you can't have both which would be better. The ability to think for yourself and know things and do things that other can't because your smart or to be able to lift things. Both have the ability to deteriorate, but if you are left without your strength but with your knowledge would you be able to survive. The answer is most likely but if you are left without a mind and without proper thought and knowledge what would happen then. You would have some trouble. Knowledge is a power and strength in its own right. So what would people rather be that's the question. People often wish they were stronger. How do you become stronger. You know your not as strong as you want to be and you know that you can do better. The fact that you know those things. That's knowledge. Also there are machines that can literally do the heavy lifting and all I have to do is be smart enough to know how to use them. Once again knowledge is superior."
"Jesus is homoousios with the Father before creation. Pro has not satisfied his burden of proof nor refuted my knockdown argument in a reasonable/effective manner but raised objections I can easily address here. I remain unconvinced that Jesus is homoousios with the Father.'Having an another from united with yours doesn't require any alteration or process of change because just as said the form only got united not mixed with another form.'This could be translated to, 'having an alteration in your form such a union so that your whole form encompasses another doesn't mean that you had an alteration.' The refutation of this objection is simply the law of non-contradiction. I'm refuting my opponent solely based on a law of thought. A is Not A doesn't work in logic. My opponent can probably use this argument in the white house or the theological school of the yellow mellow but not here in DDO.'The distinction, traits and reality of the two forms remains.It didn't mix up so as to produce what my opponent calls ""change.'One of those traits as agreed by both is immutability. Incarnation is not even possible to occur if the being himself is changeless/unalterable/immutable like God is. To speak about the union is logically falicious in the first place. I have no clue why my opponent repeats that after I show him how this is a textbook example of begging the question. Due to nature of the debate, I win by only showing one contradiction. And I think I did more than enough to satisfy my burden of proof. Voting is your choice, though if I voted I'd give conduct and arguments to me after the personal insults and weak argumentation my opponent provided, after he realized that he was defeated in this debate.'I already won the debate. My opponent's so called trump-card, the immutability argument, is refuted biblically and logically.'After I refuted the so-called biblical objection, my opponent simply ignored the refutation and took on the logical side. As you can see, he violated the law of non-contradiction and commited a begging the question fallacy in his 'logical' response. If that is a refuation of an argument, everything is.You know yourself who to vote to."
"DDO Tier Tournament Take Two: A Liberal Social Democracy is Preferable to Anarchy. As Con stated, we PM'd and agreed to skip this pair of rounds.As such, I won't make any new arguments, rebut any points, or bring up new evidence.However, as it's the last round for me, I wanted to give a short summary.---Summary:I've proven that Utilitarianism is the preferred value in this debate, because it maximizes potential value, which Con has not significantly rebutted.I've proven that LSD best leads to economic growth and to assisting equality and thus positively impacts Utilitarianism.I've proven that anarchy leads to crime and large-scale societal collapse and thus negatively impacts Utilitarianism.I've proven that anarchy inevitable collapses into an unpredictable form of government, which makes any Con impacts short-term and potentially negative, as a terrible government may arise and do the opposite of Veganarchy, while LSDs are long-lived.I've proven that deep ecology is flawed, and that humans are more valuable than animals.I've proven that otherization is somewhat inherent and that veganarchy promotes otherization more than LSDs do.I've proven that LSDs reduce war, and that anarchies reduce war only from lack of a healthy, large enough populace to fight them.These are big impacts for LSD and against veganarchy in terms of Utilitarianism.Vote Pro.--- Again, thanks to all readers, to our judges, and to my opponent. ---Good luck to Con! :D"
"Situational ethics is superior to absolute ethics. Introduction When I refer to absolute ethics as opposed to situational ethics, I'm referring to the code of ethics given to us by nature. The only way to judge if situational or absolute ethics were superior would be to apply the absolute ethics that is inherent in all of us. My opponent even justifies situational ethics with the use of the unconscious code of ethics he isn't even aware he is using. What is Absolute Ethics This is ethics based on some sort of absolute rule or rules. My opponent without even realizing it is promoting absolute ethics. He is using absolute rules to show that certain situations in regards to ethics are different. It seems the absolute rules he is using is; Do the action that results in the least amount of harm. Summary My opponent has the burden of proof to show situational ethics are superior to absolute ethics. In order for my opponent to do this he needs to first show that situational ethics is even possible. Him using moral and ethical absolutes to prove situational ethics is useless and contradictory in nature."
"Christians rationally know truth from fiction. Ah,seeing as you seem to have missed my point, presumably not seeing the countless originals, you must just think that I'm a massive dick. This is really a parody, seeing as a site member has been posting like a dozen of these about Atheists. To kind of steal his points in case you actual want to argue their point either way, any ""facts"" known can only be determined by your senses, which you have no rational basis for trusting. You can't know any of these facts are actually facts rationally. But again, this was really a parody, sorry I didn't make that clearer. My bad on this one."
"Social Media is bad. I'm aware that cyberbullying is bad, but schools around the world have been teaching teens on how to prevent cyberbullying (here is a site: http://cyberbullying.org...). This has helped teens become more aware of what could happen on social media and has also decreased the possibility of someone being cyber bullied. It's a persons' choice to be more talkative through social media (to people that live far away) than talking to people around him/her."
"Recruitment will be adversely affected if the police are armed. The police themselves are calling for more routine arming in the United Kingdom, through both the unions that represent rank and file policemen, and the bodies which speak for the senior officers. If we want them to uphold law and order, we should trust the police's judgement about the tools they need to carry out their task. To the contrary, recruitment will also suffer if police officers are seen as too vulnerable, as easy targets for criminals because they have no proper means to defend themselves."
"The United States is a Christian Nation. The hate speech laws in France are matters of both civil law and criminal law. Those laws protect individuals and groups from being defamed or insulted because they belong or do not belong, in fact or in fancy, to an ethnicity, a nation, a race, a religion, a sex, or a sexual orientation, or because they have a handicap. The laws forbid any communication which is intended to incite discrimination against, hatred of, or harm to, anyone because of his belonging or not belonging, in fact or in fancy, to an ethnicity, a nation, a race, a religion, a sex, or a sexual orientation, or because he or she has a handicap.......from WikWhy can the US not do this?I thank my opponent for their argument and there is a breeze of naivety that I could float on that would almost make their argument true. However, in the cold light of day a country must be judged by its actions. Trump is affiliated with a very conservative branch of Christianity. America fights with Muslim countries and Atheistic countries. Why? Trump does not care about the implications of Global Warming. Why? Christians spend their lives waiting for the end, it is endemic within their mindset and this is an attribute of Trump Voters in 2016. I have nothing against a Christian Democracy in so far as it could be worse but you have a long way to go before you become a secular France which is where democracy really exists.The Bible is America's Constitution, God has made man in his Likeness and his Laws shall reign supreme over us. This is the crutch that keeps the Absurdities of Inequality and Waste with the US sustainable. The Christian soldiers of the US lead the vanguard against an invisible enemy that now is Muslim extremism, but which might easily morph into secular rationalism tomorrow. Try taking guns off these Christians, try stopping the production of armaments in US factories. Why would a secular society do these things in the name of God. They wouldn't. Obama used more Christian euphemisms than I can possibly recall and it was regarded as normal.""My faith is a great source of comfort to me. I've said before that my faith has grown as President. This office tends to make a person pray more; and as President Lincoln once said, 'I have been driven to my knees many times by the overwhelming conviction that I had no place else to go.'"" ObamaAt least now we know who is 'pulling the strings'."
"Michael Jordan is the best basketball player to walk the face of the earth. Thank you for responding. F.Y.I, I did state something about MJ's individual ""greatness"". Actually, I stated a LOT of stuff. All the stating from MJ prove that he was not the greatest basketball player to walk on the ace of Earth. Greatness means physical greatness, but also spiritually greatness. In order to be great, you need to be ,of course, strong, but also nice and having sportsmanship. Did you see any sportsmanship in those quotes? I DON'T THINK SO. Mentioning Jeremy Lin has a purpose. I'm just saying there are other people besides MJ that are great basketball players. Jeremy Lin is not the only other great players. I was just using him as an example. Thank you."
"Girls r hot. Girls aren't hot otherwise I would have died of burning right now because I kiss girls practically all day. They queue up to do it and t is a 23 month wait, but it's worth it. I am normal temperature.I think pro could be confused about what people mean when they say women are always in the kitchen they mean the women are in the kitchen but outside the oven, not in it. I could understand how somebody would think this, though, because cooking women would be sexist.Women always are in the kitchen. My sister makes regular trips and brings back souvenirs every time (the fridge magnets. They're what keep the lid of the fridge and the rest of it from separating).Thank you."
"death penalty should be abolish. Yet there is the major issue now of overpopulation in prisons in America so certain criminals are being let out due to that issue so people who are in prison for a life sentence with good behaviour and ""rehabilitation"" they are being released and causing more of a danger to society again. So you're saying we should put these prisoners to work instead? In other words the government gets cheap or free labor while screwing over the little guy and taking away work from the people who actually need the work and money. How is allowing a monster to work helping anyone? Answer? It isn't. Giving them the death penalty is what these inhuman people deserve for the unspeakable crimes they have committed. We do not lose our humanity in taking the life of a person who has committed acts of such evil, we are protecting future victims and punishing this person or crimes worthy of death. Also many families also want the person who took their loved one away to die, their will always be families who have lost a loved one to a murderer who would rather them rot in jail than death whereas there will also be many who want that person to die for stealing the life of their loved one or ones. Also the cost itself is debatable as well, all agree the initial cost of the death penalty process is quite expensive but in the long term life in prison can cost even more. Also there are laws protecting mentally challenged people and children from being given the death penalty so your argument there is invalid. Also by the sounds of it the governments you are talking about there are corrupt ones anyway which even if they didn't have the death penalty would still scurry off certain people and have them killed in secret anyway. That is not the death penalty it is an assassination that even if the death penalty was abolished would still happen anyway. In America you get judged by a jury of your peers you have evidence brought before the court to prove your guilt and even when found guilty are still given certain rights which protect you. Death is never the soft release death is the final release and most of these criminals would rather life in prison than the death penalty and the ones who don't care are the ones where life in prison wouldn't cause them any suffering anyway because they don't feel like we do they are inhuman. In the end the death penalty shouldn't be abolished it is a punishment reserved for those certain monsters that commit such evil acts that letting them live is the crime. In conclusion I believe I have given enough reason to show why the death penalty should not be abolished."
"Whites need to be bred out. Well it looks like my opponent has run out of ideas and is now trying to make up words. I looked up ""conservadumb"" in the dictionary, but sadly there was no definition. I would also like to say that I am in fact not voting for Trump, and I am in fact not racist. I don't think I have said anything in this debate that would be a proving example of how I am racist. However the title of this argument is ""Whites Need to be Bred Out"", and since you are the one who named this and you are arguing for whites to be gone, it simply proves you are racist. Like I have said countless time you can't blame a whole group of people for what one person did, so you cannot call white people ""bad"". I agree that fracking is bad and I wish it wasn't practice. Wars are commonplace and are not just among whites. I also don't know how simply existing is destroying this world? You have stated that Egyptians invented electricity, but you have not provided any sources or evidence. Also, the battery was invented by Alessandro Volta (https://en.wikipedia.org...). You also did not provide any evidence with Indians inventing the telephone, and I have not seen any proof of that, along with Eskimos inventing the fridge. I see you have some dealings with history though, as Carver did invent many things concerning peanuts. The real number is actually around 300, not 100. Einstein did come up with the Theory of Relativity, so maybe you should check your facts. Einstein is indeed in fact Jewish, however Adolf Hitler is the one who oppressed the Jewish people in the Holocaust, not all of the whites. As this is the end of the debate I would like to thank my opponent for the opportunity to argue with him and make my valid points. I would also like to thank anyone who votes. Thank you."
"Intelligent design is plausible under a literal interpretation of the Bible. I like your enthusiasm. To support my claim that Intelligent design is impossible under a literal interpretation of the bible, I will pull a quote from the bible. Then the Lord God formed man from the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and the man became a living being. Genesis 2:7 If God literally created man from ""dust on the ground"", how can Intelligent design hold water?"
"are the current changes in the political scene at Delhi indicative of better future for India. Challenge accepted.I shall be the Pro in this debate i.e. I shall be arguing that the current changes in the political scene at Delhi ARE indicative of a better future for India.Due to him being the instigator, the burden of proof is upon my opponent. I eagerly await his arguments in the next round, failing which I shall present my own.I look forward to an exciting and fairly-contested debate."
single gendered schools do more harm than good. .. Pillaging Invaders . .. Looting Set ablaze the campfires alert the other men from inland Warning must be given there's not enough men here for a stand The Vikings are too many too powerful to take on our own We must have reinforcements we cannot fight this battle alone They're coming over the hill they've come to attack they're coming in for the kill there's no turning back Invaders . .. Fighting Invaders . .. Marauding Axes grind and maces clash as wounded fighters fall to the ground Severed limbs and fatal woundings bloody corpses lay all around The smell of death and burning flesh the battle weary fight to the end The Saxons have been overpowered victims of the mighty Norsemen You'd better scatter and run the battle's lost and not won you'd better get away to fight another day Invaders . .. Raping Invaders . .. Plundering
"Nutella is the only reason to live. = Opening = Dude, you totally reminded me of this one time I was at the doctor's office and I had to get some surgery! I was deathly ill with a super-rare disease that affects one in ever 14 trillion people, it was called Phantom onychositis. Or, the inflammation of a toenail that isn't really there. I was prepped for surgery when a nursed came in with a meal tray. Naturally the doctor began to berate her for interrupting a surgery, especially one so delicate as mine - in her obvious guilt the nurse hit the edge of the tray sending it's contents flying across the room. As a peanut-butter and jelly sandwich flew through the air, it hit me in the head and I died. My funeral was swift but as the preacher spoke, he iterated how I might have survived the fatal sandwich had it been filled with Nutella instead of PB&J. = Framework = Observation 1: These words are written in english. Observation 2: You totally can't lick your elbow. And no, touching your tongue and then your elbow does not count. Observation 3: My opponent lives in Nashville, or so his profile claims of the time I post this, thus he must know Talyor Swift. Dude, you should totally get me an autograph! = Arguments = 1. Nutella saves lives- a. Hard evidence already presented- Dude, I told you; I died because my nurse brought me a PB&J sammich instead of Nutella one! b. Empirical data points to this conclusion- My Mom told me that Nutella saves lives, so I believe her. What? Are you calling my mom a liar? jerk. 2. Animals love the stuff- a. this cute squirrel- http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net... b. THIS cute squirrel http://24.media.tumblr.com... 3. The stuff is freaking cool- a. Pietro Ferrero; And Italian Willy Wonka- From Cracked.com [1] ""Ferrero SpA (the Chocolate Factory) has been described as ""one of the world's most secretive firms,"" making Ferrero himself like an Italian Willy Wonka."" ""Chocolate was being rationed during World War II, because we all know how much those Nazis love their chocolate, so Pietro used Hazelnuts which were plentiful and cheaper as an alternative, no one complained."" b. Nutella is healthy! Nutella is Kosher, Gluten free, contains no peanuts and is marketed as a breakfast food! Everyone knows that all breakfast foods are super healthy, like Ihop's[2] Big Steak Omelette! With 1210 calories, you'll barely have to eat anything else that day, how convenient! And wit just a few handfuls of Nutella on it, it'l be even better for you! = Closing = Later y'all! I'm boutsta take a spoon to this magical jar of nutella sittin in front of me. = Evidence = [1] http://www.cracked.com... [2] http://www.ihop.com..."
"Werewolves make better lovers than zombies. I do wish however he would do a better job. He offers as a mitigating factor that if you don't want a rotting zombie you could just have a freshly dead one. Why not just have a human at that rate? What's the point of the zombie. It's my contention that due to the added spice a werewolf would be a better lover than a human and most of the time would be in human form and thus the same. However it's his contention clearly that zombies are sub-human lovers. The analogy is clear. If humans are better lovers than zombies and werewolves are better lovers than humans then clearly it must be the case that werewolves are better lovers than zombies. My opponent equates having sex with a werewolf with bestiality. But, werewolves can often be perfectly human at different phases of the moon. So my opponent is clearly calling having sex with humans bestiality. What do you have against humans? What do you have against werepeople? That is racism through and through. If you go undead you will lose your head. They will rip it off to eat your brains! Readers, don't be fooled by my opponents clever word play and his fancy college words. The decision is clear. You can either suggest that a dead rotting corpse that stinks and kills you is somehow a better lover than a wild, kinky, hot, animal in the sack werelover, or you can accept the truth. .. the sexy sexy truth!"
"Increased restrictions should be put on guns in the US. I believe we should increase gun restriction (From now onm I will refer to this as gun control) simply becaue it keeps us safer. (I know I am using part of my argument from another debate) In 2007, 16,929 people (. http://www.fbi.gov... ) were murdered. Now you may say that this is a normal number for international crime rates, But it is not. Looking at the homicide rate of our own country (5.6 murders for every 100,000 people) compared to other developed countries, we see we have a particularly high rate. (United Kingdom 2.1, Japan .5, Germany 1, Italy 1.2) (. http://www.photius.com...) So what makes us different from these countries. They are just as developed, and many of the outside influences are the same. So what is the difference? All the countries I listed have some type of gun control. (. http://news.bbc.co.uk... . http://www.guncite.com... . http://archives.cnn.com...) So this proves that gun control is effective. Japan has the strictest gun control and the lowest homicide rate. Now I think we can agree that the purpose of a government is to ensure the welfare and saftey of its citizens, so we should keep our citizens safe by banning guns."
"Its Possible that there is an alien mothership hovering above earth. I thank Con for their reply.Lack of detection does not prove the alien mothership does not existAlot of Cons counterargument rests on the premise that we have lack of evidence of the alien mothership. As Con says...""In order for this definition and the resolution to be true then there has to be some logically connected way that an alien mothership has been suspended within the area of Earth's atmosphere without being detected by humanity."" But notice the hidden assumption, it assumes that if the alien ship exists that we would detect its existence. But what if the alien ship had a cloaking device and/or took measure to hide themselves ? Unless Con can prove that its impossible for the alien ship to exist without detection then the lack of detection does not prove the alien ship as a logical impossibility. Logically possible vs PlausiblePlausible = (of an argument or statement) Seeming reasonable or probable [1]Just because something is logically possible doesn't mean its plausible and/or likely to be true. After all, what ever probability you assign to the existence of aliens, is lowered once you add them having an alien ship, which is lowered again once you add a cloaking device, etc.So I grant the alien proposition is utterly implausible based on the various evidence and observations given by Con, such as lack of detection, suspension of movement by the ship, etc. Never the less, this doesn't prove that an alien ship hovering above earth is IMPOSSIBLE just that its implausible. As such its still possible that there is an alien mothership hovering above earth.Over to you Con.Sources [1] http://www.google.com.au..."
"There are no right or wrong answers in ethics. What keeps people and society from going into chaos is that they chose to not act like savages and run rabid in the streets. Leader of the Wu Tang Clan, The Rza, says has a philosophy and part of his beliefs is that we are all free to do whatever we want to do, but there are consequences to our actions. So while I can punch someone in the face I could go to jail or be killed because of my actions. While people may not realize that they have more control and freedom over their lives, they do know that their actions have consequences that will affect them. Even though some people know this, they still choose commit acts that go against the law and are considered wrong as a means to an end. So even if someone does something wrong if it places that person in a better situation, they might go with doing the deed. There are many books, movies, and comics that show people going against a ethical code that they were brought up in and choosing to turn its back on that code to do what they believe is good, for money, save a loved one, etc. In Star Wars Anakin Skywalker turned to the dark side and betrayed the jedi order to save his wife. I will take it even further and say that before he turned to the dark side he broke many rules of the order to save others knowing full well that he shouldn't. He let his anger and pride get the best of him; leading to the deaths of a tusken raider village, the lost of his arm, but also a large sum of his power came from his anger. He refused to let go of his attachments to his mother and married Padme Amidala which forbidden for jedi to do. Anakin knew what he did went against the jedi code but he chose not to let that stop him from doing as he please. They are also instances where people without any moral judgment do what is considered the right option. In the movie, The Dark Knight, the Joker has bombs on two boats. One boat is full of civilians and the other boat is full of convicts. All the people both of the boat could have blew the other boat up but they chose not to. Realizing that you have a choice, even if it means pain or death, is more powerful than a moral code because you are in control of your actions and not by a code that tells you how you should act."
"Nonsense Poetry Battle!. I wrote this back in September and had fun writing it. I hope it fits the rules. The peep stole the cheese and put in on the air. It said it was healthy that way, but it was actually a chronic chocolate of a time so the solution was to swim to the case land for vases. The liquid map was not enough help. They survived anyways and jumped to grasslands. The brainac had no idea so they sat to the walker ways. That was not enough though. The riots were still going. They needed more cheese even before the peep stole it. The peep already cannon balled to the pond, but the cheese was rocked. The elephant was upset about that. Moral of the story: You can't please them all."
"Metric System. 1. I never said America was the first Republic I meant during the 1700's America changed the course of the world's way of government 2. Even tho you say that people wouldn't be confused that hypothetical like saying that I will become president its possible but not a certainty. your argument is that America is falling behind in measurement but what about healthcare,money,military etc. do they care about measurements? America has had its way of measuring for over 200 years why stop it now."
"If A Tree Fell In A Forrest With No One Around To Hear It, It Would Still Make A Sound. If a tree fell in the forest and no one was around to hear it, it would not make a noise. If there were no sentient beings in the surrounding areas to perceive to sound waves then they simply would not exist. In order for something to exist they have to be perceived. Sorry if I don't make sense. I'm new to this."
"favorite heroe. This is a very short debate here, only 500 characters long, so I will talk about the burdens, etc. DebateThe debate is about favorite hero. Con is negating. That means the debate is not about which superhero you like. You need a debate like, ""Is raven better than Superman? "", or what so ever. This is not a debate topic, should be a poll. My opponent has the BoP of the debate, and he needs to fullfill it, but right now he is not doing this."
"My opinions are more important, accurate, and meaningful, than your opinions. Congratulations, you quoted the bible, a book written by a bunch of superstitious men with almost no grasp on reality. Since you're using the bible as your source, if a christian votes on this debate then you'll win, if an atheist votes then i'll win. The world is biased on these things one way or another. Just because an ancient book says you're better than non-believers(yet at the same time says everyone is equal or, ""all god's children"") does not mean it is true. You need facts to back your claim up, not ifs and maybes from a book with ridiculous claims."
"Is homework good for students. OK thank you for those points. I shall now give mine. 1) Homework for reviewing Is it not true that there are students who daydream in class and not listen to a single thing the teacher says? No there are students like that. A classmate of mine in my former-school always daydreamed and did not even know what was going on. He always came to me for help. That, itself, is proof already that these students do exist. Homework eliminates those people. Because my old school rarely had homework, I had to take care of a classmate with his studies. Homework makes sure they understand. Teachers teach for a reason. To clearly educate these children. They give practice exercises in many branches and the students should understand. No one will teach a-b-c and give homework about x-y-z. Practices exercises act as a primary source of how children understand. Homework secures that stance."
"Affirmative action is racist against minorities. It tells them that they need help, that they are nothing but their races, and that the country feels sorry for them. At least that's how I see it. I recognize that it does have benefits, but this is about whether it's racist. I'll be honest: I just want to reach my three debates as quickly as possible so I can vote; I wouldn't feel the need to start a debate about this otherwise - but I still intend to take this seriously."
"It is a good and holy act for Christians to honor Mary and ask her intercession. I accept christisking's debate challenge and thank him for his succinct opening statement and concise definitions. I agree with these definitions with one proviso: Namely that during the unfolding of this debate I propose to illustrate that Catholics go beyond simply 'honouring' Mary and stray into the unscriptural realm of worshipping her. I feel fully justified in this semantic discrepancy as my opponent has himself stated that I am, in essence, defending 'my' Protestantism against 'his' Catholicism. I invite my opponent to state his case."
"Famer's Story-Writing Debate Tournament Round #1 DakotaKrafick VS Logic_on_rails. Nary forty contestants remained in the Contest of RiddlesAt least half which were Aremair’s harem, him standing squarely in the middle Eagerly they fought for him, seduced by his smile and charmInvincible he thought himself, no one could do him harmTwenty of his women were left, he counted in his headTheir minds, he noted, as dull as their performances in bedBut with so many, the win was surely his!His plan was flawless, so genius it all is!Whenever it was one of their turns, rare as it was(sad but true, their wit was nothing to earn applause)They would give him the next riddle, one they both already knewThen he would give his answer and turn straight to Lenny or that shrewThere was one weakness in his genius plan, though not a big flawBut big enough for her to see, and the flaw, you see, she did sawThese women he seduced each individuallySo each thought herself his one and only“You musn’t act like my lover,” Aremair had warned one before the contest started“Or they’ll know my win was ill-earned,” and with that he departedHe had fed the same line to all of the othersIn order to ensure none could find out about each otherAnd he had done so, he thought at least, in privacyBut that woman had heard, by luck, from a bend in the alleyThis was the flaw, and what a flaw that it wasSo marvelous this will be, she thought, imagining the applause“I choose you,” she pointed to one she knew was part of his scheme“Solve this riddle and I’ll acknowledge you keen:“The acme of chivalry, his name is AremairLike any gentleman, he has but one maiden, beautiful and fair“Not the brightest she is, but I’m sure he loves her all the sameIn order to solve this riddle, you need but give me her name”“Hold on a minute,” Aremair blurted loudly in objection“That isn’t a riddle; it’s just a gossipy question!”“He’s right,” Lenny agreed, “It doesn’t seem fair.How could this person know who’s the love of Aremair?”“I’m sure she has an idea,” the woman said, having so much fun.“But if she thinks it impossible, I could always give her harder one.”Her victim was frightened, covered in sweatA harder one? she thought, I’m sure that wasn’t an empty threat!Aremair had told her to keep their love secretThis she remembered, but wasn’t winning more important than their silly agreement?“I know the answer,” she said and Aremair almost died“It is I,"" she shouted with all of her pride."
"Whose life is more difficult? Woman (Pro) or Men (Con). Hi, I'll accept the side of men. I'm new to this site, so I'm not sure if I'm supposed to give some of my argument straight away, but I will state some facts. 40% of all domestic violence happens to men, just to put some perspective into the argument that women are the only real victims. Now that you know that men are actually victims too, I will give some other opening facts about this issue. 1 out of 10 male on male rapes are reported, making the 3% of men in the UK that admit to male on male rape and the 5% that admitted to the same as a child even more disturbing, not counting prison rape. The CDC reported males being forced to either penetrate or give oral sex to women being a surprising 4.8%; 1 out of 21 men. There was an experiment where at first, a male fought with a female (verbally) in public, in a crowded area, loudly so everyone could hear, and pushed her maybe once or twice, and people started whipping out phones to alert authorities and ran to go get help. The experiment then reversed the situation, waiting until different people were in the area and put the man as the character being abused, and the woman actually punched him a few times while yelling at him. The bystanders simply looked out of curiosity, sometimes laughed, and kept walking. That should show how people feel about abuse. I can link to the video if I need to, but I don't have it on hand."
"animal testing is wrong. Thank you for the interesting topic. (Please note the video will be referenced in my 5th contention). So my opponent has assumed the burden of proof that she must prove ""in every way"" that testing is bad. That means that if I prove one good way you must vote Pro by default. Contention 1: Testing humans. Humans are scientifically considered animals and their hundreds of different programs that test out different tests in morally correct ways with positive benefits. The U.S. does have a set moral standard for this. Ex: ""Nearly half of patients who completed 56 weeks of treatment with Orexigen Therapeutics Inc.'s experimental obesity treatment, Contrave, lost at least 10 percent of their weight in a late-stage study and the drug also appeared to help cholesterol and blood sugar levels."" http://www.foxnews.com... Thus we see that experimental testing did not make them suffer thus denying my opponents point and also that a positive was achieved in the end as people actually lost weight in this ""experimental"" treatment. Hence its clear to see that their are benefits and remember as my opponent as stated she will prove ""wrong in every way"". Contention 2: An owner can test products on their cat. If I am a cat owner and I want to see which food brand my cat loves the most I can feed him two different types and see which one I get the happiest reaction from. Thus I am doing a positive for my cat in a way that is making it happy. Hence this type of testing is also justified. Contention 3: Doggy-day care. If I send my dog to two day-care programs and I see which one makes it the happiest I am doing a test by testing the day care on it, and it is not suffering. Contention 4: Animals except humans do not have feelings. Feelings-Feelings is a United Artists Records album by easy listening duo Ferrante & Teicher. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feelings_(Ferrante_&_Teicher_album) I have never heard of a dog/cat/sheep/goat etc. owning such an album as this and thus animals do not have feelings too. Contention 5: Animals testing products do not suffer. Look at the video in the top corner of the screen. http://www.youtube.com... The gerbil is clearly in a box and having a light saber tested with him and you clearly see that he is not suffering. Thus products can be used in a way that does not make them suffer, instead it even looks like the gerbil is having fun. Thus it is clear to see that my opponent can not prove that animal testing is ""wrong in every way"" Thus by default a strong vote for Pro is advised. Thank you."
"60's Rock. http://www.youtube.com...The Kinks - You really got Me - 1964The third single to be released by the kinks, You Really Got Me features on the bands debut album; The Kinks (also known as 'You really Got Me' in america). This great song has had a dramatic effect on the development of hard rock and heavy metal, often said to be the foundation of all heavy metal music. The song went through multiple recordings, in many different styles before being released The song has recieved much praise over the years, it was placed at no. 82 on rolling stones 500 greatest songs of all time, got to number 9 in a bbc poll on the 100 greatest guitar songs of all time, and got to no. 7 in the american pop singles charts. There is a well known rumor that the guitarist who played the solo in 'you really got me' was infact Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin, though he denies the claims."
"The incentive for corruption and self-enrichment in office is increased by term limits:. With term limits, a legislator will, after he enters his final permitted term of office, not have to face the electorate again, meaning he can do whatever wants, to an extent. This encourages corruption and self-enrichment on the part of legislators in their final term of office when they do not need to face the people to answer for poor management. There is likewise less incentive to follow through on election promises to supporters, since their withdrawing support can have little tangible impact on a lame duck. A study into term limits in Brazil found that ""mayors with re-election incentives are signi?cantly less corrupt than mayors without re-election incentives. In municipalities where mayors are in their ?rst term, the share of stolen resources is, on average, 27 percent lower than in municipalities with second-term mayors.""(Ferraz, 2010) Furthermore, lame duck politicians can devote time to buddying up to businesses and organizations in order to get appointments to lucrative board seats after they leave office. This has often been the case in Western democracies, where former parliamentarians, cabinet ministers, senators, etc. find themselves being offered highly profitable positions upon their retirement (Wynne, 2004). Imposing term limits necessarily increases this sort of behavior, as politicians look more toward their retirement during their final years of office, rather than to the interests of the people. 1 Ferraz, Claudio and Finan, Frederico, (2010). ""Electoral Accountability and Corruption: Evidence from the Audits of Local Governments"" Berkeley,  2 Wynne, Michael. 2004. ""Politics, Markets, Health and Democracy"". University of Wolongong. improve this  "
Christmas Is Annoying. Christmas is a tacky and an annoying gimmick that gives shops the excuse to put plastic tree with rubbish on them for a period of three months. not to mention the silly costumes people have the excuse to wear in public. When did it become acceptable to put a santa on a tree and feed relatives disgusting birds with berries that taste foul and sprouts that nobody likes. BECAUSE ITS A PLAN TO GIVE THEM DIABETES!
"Democracy is the best form of government. Democracy is the best form of government. I would like to thank my opponent for accepting this debate. In this round, I will simply be stating the pros of Democracy: Democracy represents the people. Democracy ensures that the basic human rights are granted to each citizen of the country. People have the right to express their opinions about any topic out loud, without being censored by the government. Democracy promotes debates and group discussions which are crucial for the exponential growth of a nation. In a democracy each and every citizen have the power to decide who runs the country. By granting the power to the people, democracy ensures equal participation to everyone in the government of the country. Democracy helps in making the citizens responsible and aware. A democracy does not discriminate anyone. A democratic system of government ensures equal political, social and economic rights to everyone. In a democracy no laws can be passed without the consent of the majority. Any law passed must conform to the broad guidelines of the constitution, and if a law does not meet this requirement, it can be challenged in a court of law and repealed. Ensures complete transparency in decision making and prevents any unjust law from being passed. In a democracy, elected government cannot stay in power for as long as they want because they are bound by the constitution wherein they have to end their terms in office. Democracy promotes social peace and harmony. The freedom of speech granted by democracy, brings with it the various platforms that promote wise utilization of the spoken word. Debates and group discussions are organized for people to voice out their opinion and share their ideas. Exposes the citizens to different perspectives and they understand each other better and together they contribute to the overall development of the country. My opponent might state that mob rule is possible in such a government. Yet, the electoral college protects us from a situation like this. Source(s):http://thefederalist.com... https://www.quora.com... https://listontap.com..."
"The paradox of the stone refutes an omnipotent God. Resolution: The paradox of the stone refutes an omnipotent God The paradox of the stone goes as follows: P.1 God either can or cannot create a rock that is so heavy that he cannot lift it. P.2 If God can create a rock that is so heavy that he cannot lift it, then God is not omnipotent. P.3 If God cannot create a rock that is so heavy that he cannot lift it, then God is not omnipotent. Therefore: P.4 God is not omnipotent. P.5 If God exists then he is omnipotent. Therefore: P.6 God does not exist. [1] First round acceptance No arguments last round Please refrain from semantics. [1] http://www.philosophyofreligion.info..."
"Incompatible with PCs. Macs are so incompatible with PC’s; the amount of time I've had to spend re-formatting videos and pictures for my media degree is unreal. Why does apple do this? – So everyone has to buy a Mac! Also, Apple is so motivated by profit that you can bet your Mac will break almost as soon as the warranty runs out or that a couple weeks after their sales peak they will release the ‘next best thing’!"
Trinity. Is the Doctrine of the Trinity a Scriptural Doctrine? Scriptures- Protestant 66 Book Holy Bible Version- KJV or NIV. Choose one and then stick with it. I will give the contender the choose of version. I will give Scriptural proof that the Doctrine of Trinity is a valid Doctrine. No straw men please. Waste of time and characters. Either version of Protestant 66 book Bible is reliable source for information is this debate.
"Williams V. Walker- Thomas Furniture Co. (1965). Yes, plaintiff Williams was responsible for the payments on her purchase, but every individual deserves a second chance, even though they did missed a payment and became defaulted on their prior account doesn""t mean it will happen once again. Walker-Thomas, on the other hand should have been a more responsible business owner, and had better business decision making skills. Knowing that the purchaser Ms. Williams had a prior account in default and still extended her credit to be able to purchase the stereo set she wanted, even though Walker-Thomas knew she wasn""t financial stable. Should the contracts be overturned on grounds of unconscionable acts of poor business practice? The answer should be answer accordingly to the ruling of favor on Williams, yes, she knew she couldn""t afford to make a purchase or to take on ""more debt"" sort to say, but she did. Just as if you""re approved for a credit card knowing that you already owe the creditor a certain amount of debt or balance, and is struggling to make the minimum payments you""re going to still make purchases and take on additional debt. So who is to blame on that part is the creditor, if you know an individual can""t pay back a loan and missed payments why would you lend out additional money? Just like Walker-Thomas, he knew Williams owed money from a prior account she possessed with his company, but still with poor decision making, and unconscionable business acts, he still went ahead and let Ms. Williams take on an additional loan for a stereo set knowing her financial hard ship she was in currently at the time of the loan was established to her."
"Others have committed comparable atrocities. With all the horrible events in history considered does Adolf Hitler deserve his damning reputation? The science of the time was without a doubt completely and fundamentally flawed. However, while heinous crimes like the holocaust were committed under Hitler’s rule, aren't we still to a lesser extent committing similar crimes? The South African government has attempted ethnic cleansing. In Iraq, Afghanistan and other nations we have been trying to spread democracy by killing off the pre-existing government structures and replacing them with our own. I would suggest that many Americans, due to the negativity of the media, feel about Muslims what Germans felt about Jews. Some would even compare the former Guantanamo Bay and its gross human rights violations to a touchier camp. All through history there have been attempts at racial and cultural genocide: China in Tibet, Roman rape policy, deliberate starvation in Ireland, and South Africa to name just a few. So does Adolf Hitler deserve his reputation as one of the worst men in history? Or is our history, like Churchill said, ""Written by the victors"". The scale of ethnic cleansing undertook by the Nazis fully deserves its horrific reputation. Yet it is not an isolated historical event; there have been many comparable atrocities, yet those responsible have not been demonised in the same way as Hitler."
"Globe, Not Flat. Don't accept this debate unless you LEGITIMATELY beliexe that the Earth is flat. I know the sun spins around us for a fact also the moon. See it depends on perspective. Sometimes the sun gets bigger as it goes away and sometimes it gets really small. Yes, A circular movement of the sun and the moon around the earth makes sense. Those countries don't exist. They don't want to get nuked. Also, Everyone accepts the reality of the world with which we are presented. It was nice debating with you."
"Resolved: Nightmare Moon is an Underated Character in My Little Pony. I would like to note that my opponent has violated the rules by refuting my arguments in the second round instead of posting his own arguments and shall lose conduct at minimum, but I will now further my own arguments. Section 1: Though there was jealouscy between the two, but we can see that it did not fully manifest until after the Battle with Sombra. We can see that this gave her stregth as she turned into Nightmare Moon in that clip. Section 2: My opponenet is greatly mistaken. There are several times when the Elements of Harmony failed. We have to observe the first battle with Discord and they failed there. It was not just because of the ""Discord"" that existed between the Maine 6, but was more of the fact that it takes time. The Elemens of Harmony didn't defeat Tirek as it was the Power of Friendship which they unlocked at the season finale. Again another misque on my opponent's part. Not to mention that Nightmare Moon destroyed the Elements of Harmony in the Second Episodes. Section 3: Tantabus is a key factor. Despite being mostly a dream beast. We can see that it has many of the same abilities that Luna has, but it is different. It is a mere punishment for Luna and what Tantabus did was its job by tormenting Luna. There was no real harm done, but more of a Nightmare. (http://villains.wikia.com...)"
"Hunting ( for food, not for trophies ). I think hunting is a good thing! Now keep in mind, there is a difference between trophy chasers and hunters. You can probably tell what the difference is. A hunter will never let an animal suffer. Ever. Hunting is a pure sport, void of wrong doings. Accidents happen, yes, but a hunter will never purposely injure an animal to watch it suffer."
"Naploleon Bonaparte would defeat George Washington in a war. Rebuttals 1. Actually, battle is a point. It is true that Napoleon has made mistakes, but he was able to learn from them. He also won much more battles than Washington. The only battles Washington won were purely because of number, while Napoleon won many battles while outnumbered. Again, look at the statistics. Napoleon Bonaparte Austerlitz - Victory and also was outnumbered Jena - Victory Waterloo - Defeat, but would have won if his officers cooperated Logan - Victory and outnumbered Pyramids - Victory and was outnumbered Wag ram - Victory George Washington Fort Washington - Defeat Brandying - Outnumbered the British, made poor decisions and lost Saratoga - Victory Germantown - Outnumbered the British but lost Monmouth - Draw Yorktown - Victory, but only because the French came 2. Navy is an inportant factor. It is true they both had a navy, however Napoleon's was much larger and powerful, and would overpower Washington's tiny Navy. 3. Thank you for conceding the troops. 4. It is true that Washington made did indeed make some good tactical decisions, but look at the majority of the battles. At Brandying, he outnumbered the British, yet failed to learn from his mistakes and lost. Same with Germantown. Most historians would agree that Bonaparte was a better tactition than Washington. ""nepolian was an emperor. he was the sole commander of his everything.whereas washington was just the commander of continental army. he was just the servant of congress."" Ok. That just gives Napoleon more advantages. ""among all these obstacles george washington fought the war, won the war and brought america back its freedom. nepolean did not have to face any obstacle. he just was a player in an open field where only he won."" The only reason Washington won was because of French support. Without the support, the British would have won. Also, what do you mean that ""Napoleon did not have to face obstacles""? Napoleon faced many obsticles. He won many battles while facing many enemies. Sources Sources are the same sources from last round."
"Wearing a clip-on tie on a t-shirt. I do actually have evidence to support Google being a reliable fashion source. When I search 'fashion' into Google, There many things that come up that I have seen people wear. Sequin dresses, Camouflage yoga pants, Pencil skirts, You name it. And, If Google isn't a reliable fashion source, What is? Because Google combines pictures from websites around the world, So if Google isn't a reliable fashion source, Doesn't that mean nothing is? You say I don't provide evidence, But you haven't provided any evidence that wearing a clip-on tie with a t-shirt is fashionable. If i'm wrong, Give me the evidence. I have looked on many different fashion websites, Including Fashion Nova, American Eagle, The Mountain, TRUE Links wear, Fortress of Inca, Tucker Blair, Etc. I haven't seen a single website mention a clip-on tie with a t-shirt is fashionable, Or even mention it at all. I think if it were stylish, Someone would notice, Right? If you can find ONE fashion website with a picture of someone wearing it, I will back down. I will admit you are right. If not, I will assume it is because it is an unpopular, Unstylish fashion choice. The reason I haven't seen anyone wear a clip-on tie with a t-shirt isn't because I'm not paying attention. Trust me, If I see someone wearing that, I would know. I don't think you should cling on to only one of my many points on why I think you are wrong. It makes it seem like you know i'm right, And have nothing to come back with. That is just a tip on debating in general."
"The theory of evolution is false. First of all, thankyou very much for your argument... As for the suggestion that there IS enough evidence to backup evolution, in actual fact scientists over time have only found a coffin full of bones that somehow prove the theory of evolution to be somewhat cosiderable.Surely a coffin full is not enough evidence. I do understand that it is quality more than quantity but even then we can clearly see that none of those evidence are powerful enough to change views against the theory of evolution as it is still considered just a 'Theory' ,that itself states that there is not enough evidence to promote the theory to a fact. Now, you have just told me that I was wrong in thinking that the initial claim of evolution is that humans have evolved from apes and that it is more true to say that humans and apes have common ancestors, and I accept that the mistake here is mine.I apologise for that. Anyway even then I would like to ask that doesn't having common ancestors of the two different species (humans and apes) mean either humans evolving from apes or apes evolving from humans. And if you are saying that acually us humans and the apes have evolved from a completely different species, which e have no clue of,' then aren't we being a bit mythical here? Do you not think that if there were this 'other species ' then we would have found some evidence of their existence in the prehistoic era. I mean we have even gone to so much depth as to find evidence of dinosaurs, then surely finding the creature that were our forefathers is no challenge for us humans in the 21st century. Okay so next point, sorry but I guess you just don't know what planets and stars have evolved from.( I know, cheeky right? I guess making the point about 'cosmology' and not 'evolution' was a bit stupid of me...have to be honest here) But as for humans not being around for long enough I should most probably clarify. What I initially wanted to suggest is that maybe us humans have been around a short enough period of time to realise that there was no evolution. Thankyou hope I haven't said too many stupid things, you should know that this is my first time debating, you can probably tell."
"Marijuana legalization. Thank you for posting your last argument. In no where in your posts did you say that you wanted to debate legitimate reasons, just reasons. You admitted that I have given you reasons, you said ""Anyone can come up with REASONS why they think the opposite."" You failed to make your argument clear, therefore I debated on what you wrote, not what you wanted. Yes, you have avoided things that I have said. The whole thing about selling to children, you did not even comment on that matter. There is a reason right there. You want to keep the government out of this, yet you still want to debate legal things? I am sorry but that is impossible, the government makes the laws. Audience, I have clearly shown the reason why the Marijuana is illegal. It is up to you to believe it or not yet it is still a reason. I have clearly won spelling, conduct, and sources. Who had more of a convincing argument is up to you. Thank you. Sources: (1). http://dictionary.reference.com... (2). http://en.wikipedia.org..."
"City life is better then the country. I have to say who would live in the city. The city live has FAR more air pollution and noise. 341, 469 people went on the same stretch of road in a city in one day. How would u like to hear that going past your house every second. Personally I would be sick of it. I live in the country now and let me tell you I can do what ever I want peacefully with cars going past my house every few minutes. But the noise is also drained out by the native life which I know you don't get much in the city. So try and fight but you know that the country life is better then the city."
"Parents should be allowed to discipline their child with force! (spanking, etc.). I think it's all nonsense that you can not discipline your child the way you want to. Why should a parent not be allowed to smack their child when they are doing something wrong? Now i'm not saying to beat your kid to a pulp, or leave bruises, or welts, or make it so DCF has to be called. But if my kid is doing something wrong, and they don't listen to yelling, why should it be wrong for me to smack them up side the head, or grab them by the ear? After a while of you screaming at your kid, they can block you out, they know how to ignore you, so what do you do then? they won;t listen to you, your at your whits end,you don't know what to do. Don't you think that it grab their ear and pull that, that will grab their attention? I think so."
"Disabled People Should Pay More Taxes. You did not refute any one of my arguments. They all still stand. ""b/c you have autism, You owe me $100K right now. "" No I don't. Even if DIsabled people should pay an extra $100 k in taxes (they shouldn't) the money shouldn't go to you. You are not where our tax dollars go to. ""Please pay up, Or im going to smash your head with an axe"" Apart from the fact that there was a grammatical error in part because you forgot the period, Threatening someone with death for something as trivial as them not paying your proposed tax is extremely poor conduct and is a death threat. I hope you don't get into trouble since I believe in free speech, But it should be clear that many voters would disagree with me and would want you kicked off of the internet or even ending up in 20 years in jail. This happened according to the link I put below: (. https://www. Huffingtonpost."
"Xbox 360 is better than PS3. Now I know this argument has probably been iterated a million or so times, but for my first debate I wanted to do something non offensive and simple. So I will be defending the Xbox and Con will be on the side of the PlayStation. Now onto my argument. Why the Xbox is better. 1.It has been out longer so has bigger better fan base. 2.Better exclusives E.G Halo, Forza. 3.Paying for Online gaming makes it less likely to run into a stupid arrogant twat, as if you pay for it you don't want to waste the money."
"Logic without experience/experimentation can not achieve certainty. Hmm. .. I must admit I was waiting for a response that will get me thinking about the actual content of the argument instead of the usual over concentration on words. In short Con's argumentation method was: - Here is an improperly phrased sentence. I will stop reading here and start refuting. - Explanation about how misguided Pro is. - Logic lesson. What other points? What meaning? What content? This is what I mean when I say no semantics. I said ""Logic is of course valid as a means of manipulating symbols and producing logical results. "". You are right. I shouldn't use the word logical because it makes it circular but come on. .. You know what I am saying here, no? And that is what I mean by common sense. . (sigh) We can rephrase it like: ""Logic is of course effective as a method of reasoning with which we can reach valid conclusions. "". If you still find this problematic instead of doing the same thing please just think of my argument without that sentence at all and try to refute it. And please make your writing clearly related to my argument and not a general lecture in logical form. Conclusion -------------- Con occupied herself with the refutation of a single phrase from my argument. I have responded to her valid observation by rephrasing my sentence. If my new sentence is unsatisfactory as well, I have invited her to consider my argument without the sentence at all. It will still be sound. The content of Con's first argument demonstrated nothing more than her obvious interest in creative writing and her desire to teach."
"Girls on boys team. Women should be able to join boy's sports teams. They belong in. Women can be just as good and have the same amount of skill. Notice the sport of wrestling. Although it's male dominated, women are allowed to join the team. They participate and face both boy and girl competitors and have one and lost based off of skill, not off of gender."
"pornography. My concerns in general center on numerous omissions of relevant facts and quotes, which had the effect of diminishing the extent of the apparent support of free expression, and the force of the mroal arguments for free expression, and of enhancing the support of those who are vigilant against dangerous speech, and obscuring the more extreme arguments made on their behalf. That is why porn should be legalized to people under 18. Thank you."
"Digital Piracy. Round 2 will be our opening statements and all our main arguments. Round 3 will then be rebuttals. Round 4 is then any final rebuttals, final thoughts and closing arguments. We will be using the dictionary definition of Piracy as defined by both the oxford dictionary and the Merriam Webster Dictionary:""the unauthorized use or reproduction of another""s work:software piracy"" ""the unauthorized use of another's production, invention, or conception especially in infringement of a copyright""I believe that online Piracy or peer-to-peer sharing of all commercial digital media, be it Movies, Games, Software or Music is theft and is not justifiable."
"It's reasonable to believe in magic. Recently I've been seeing advertisements about magic on this site. So I decided to make this debate, to see if anyone would defend the notion that magic exists.Definitions:Magic; the use of means (such as charms or spells) believed to have supernatural power over natural forceshttps://www.merriam-webster.com...Exist; to have real being whether material or spiritual, in this worldhttps://www.merriam-webster.com...Rules:1) The Burden of Proof will be mainly on Pro to show magic likely exists, but I'll also bring a few arguments that show it probably doesn't.2) We won't be arguing whether magic exists in media (like video games or TV), but whether it exists in this world. Also, science doesn't count as magic.3) It's preferred to have sources alongside your arguments, but they can and will be open to critique by the opposing side.(If there's anything you'd like added to this debate, say so in the comments.)I'm arguing that magic doesn't, or at least can't be shown to, exist in this world."
"There needs to be reform to campaign finance law. Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney has supported campaign finance law reform. Most of Romney’s recent comments on reform have been in regard to laws governing spending during primaries as opposed to general elections. Primary campaign funds are earmarked as such and forbidden for use in general election campaigns until after the Republican National Convention, so the Republican nominee is at a disadvantage against the Democratic candidate if the convention nomination outcome is evident before August 27. Over the years, Romney has advocated various stances on spending limits: in 1994, he supported capping congressional spending, but in 2007, he disparaged McCain-Feingold warning “We step into dangerous territory when politicians start eviscerating our fundamental freedoms in the name of amorphous principles, like campaign finance reform. If I am elected President, a top priority will be to push for the repeal of this deeply-flawed measure, and restore the full freedom of political participation and expression to the American people.”[1] Romney expressed support for the Supreme Court’s ruling in Citizens United along with concern about the corrupting influence of corporate money in elections.[2] [1] Romney, Mitt, ‘The Fundamental Flaws in the McCain-Feingold Law’, Townhall.com, 25 April 2007. [2] Rivoli, Dan. ‘Romney Backs Citizens United, But ‘Not Wild’ about Corporate Campaign Spending’. International Business Times, 4 November 2011. "
"welfare promotes laziness. The basis of my argument is that by giving people the option to welfare by human nature they will rely on government aid as long as it is offered. Let us first look at the number of people drawing welfare which in 1994 was around 15 million people, and is obviously risen a significant amount since that time. During my extensive research of this topic one thing has became aware to me, that if given the option people will allow others to do the work for them without themselves doing anything. Lets use logic for a moment, if someone offered you the chance to have everything you need payed by another person, who would decline? There are no circumstances that someone would not decline to that proposition. There are a several ways in today's age that people can obtain some sort of government help. Out of all these options there are ""loop holes"" in everyone that would allow some one to get away from having to work. That is my opening argument, its not in depth but i will wait for my opponent to argue his view of the topic."
"racial segregation. I negate and will argue how Racial segregation is not good. Racial segregation can be detrimental for societies both politically and economically. Racial Segregation also encourages unequal public education. Due to time constraints, I cannot afford to post any more to my case at the moment. However, this should not be problematic since my opponent has done nothing more than claim that racial segregation was good in round 2."
"The Implementation of Competitive Matchmaking for Team Fortress 2 will be a benefit. Since I haven't done a debate in quite a long time, I figured that there would be no better way for me to get back into it by first whetting myself with a debate that I'm familiar with and won'r require much research, just for funsies.Rules:1. Do NOT accept this debate if you don't know what this is about, I don't have time to debate with somebody who doesn't understand the basics of the argument at hand. If you accept this debate and violate this rule, you forfeit the debate, because I'm not going to waste x number of characters to explain the argument. (That said, if you have a basic understanding, but don't know some of the concepts, PM me and ask, I'll anwser any and all questions to help you.)2. This argument is about a video game, since it's a debate, you are entitled AND encouraged to have your own opinion, but it's a GAME, not politics, so don't get hot-headed and start calling names, it's unprofessional and I've dealt with it way to much already.3. You may use sources such as a valid website, a youtube video, reddit, anything along those lines, because like I've said, it's for a video game feature, so there isn't likely to be a whole bunch of documented research. Feel free to call out a source if it doesn't help or doesn't even matter. (Judges love that stuff.)4. You may use examples from other games. (Example: Counter-Strike.)5. Do not attempt to change any of these rules or add to them without making sure that both parties are in full awareness and agreement, failure to do so will result in a forfeit. 6. Finally, first round is for ACCEPTANCE ONLY! Please do not respond swinging, because not only will I argue back, I'll point out to the judge's that you broke a rule.Good luck to whoever accepts the debate, and I hope it's a good one."
"Annihilationism is sound doctrine in Christianity. I accept. Revelation 20:15 says, ""And whosoever was not found in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire."" Thus, the wicked(those not in the book of life) go to the lake of fire. Now the question becomes, ""Will the wicked burn in this lake of fire forever."" The answer: yes. Rev 14:11 says, ""And the smoke of THEIR TORMENT ascendeth up FOREVER AND EVER."" Thus, they are not annihilated. Jesus tells the goat nations in Matthew 25:46, ""And these shall go away into EVERLASTING PUNISHMENT."" The Wicked are never annihilated. Thats not even implied in the Scriptures. Observe all these references on Hell: Matthew 8:12- the wicked go into outer darkness where there's weeping and gnashing of teeth. They are not annihilated. Matthew 22:13-same thing again Matthew 25:30-same thing again God never just destroys these souls and puts an end to them. They are ALWAYS tormented. Mark 9:43,45-go into Hell, into the FIRE THAT NEVER SHALL BE QUENCHED. Further, Jesus Christ makes it perfectly clear that the wicked are not annihilated. He tells the story of a rich man and a beggar who died. The beggar does to Paradise, and the rich man to Hell. Luke 16:23 says, ""And in Hell he lift up his eyes being in torments."" Verse 24 says, ""send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, AND COOL MY TONGUE; FOR I AM TORMENTED IN THIS FLAME."" The Bible is clear that the Wicked are not annihilated, but burn in agony forever."
"The New England Patriots will NOT win the Super Bowl!. Let me preface this by saying that I'm not the biggest football fan in the world, but I find fault with the logic of your argument. You said: ""Firstly, and I think most importantly, they (hopefully) will not receive as much help from the referees as they did in the games against the Baltimore Ravens and the New York Jets."" If you think they received help from the refs in past games, on what grounds do you assume they wouldn't receive help in the Superbowl? Isn't that something that isn't able to be predicted? The rest of your argument assumes that since the Patriots won't have played a high-caliber team by the time the time they have to face one agai, that they won't be able to beat these teams. Given the amount of time an NFL team spends practicing, and the level of natural ability any given NFL player has, I don't think it's fair to assume that the Patriots will play any differently against a good team in the Superbowl than they did at the beginning of the season. Why should we accept that assumption? I'd like to also point out that I don't necessarily think the Patriots will win the Superbowl - I just think that you won't be able to prove they won't."