There surely has to be a reason to ditch my old PC because of all the Console craze.... So why should I switch? PC is able to achieve 1080p, 60 fps (or more, if you wish.) with YOUR own choice of hardware parts. PCs are not made by a single company, so those companies can't restrict games they don't want you to play. You can have steam, origin, gog.com, and uplay ^^^^^...ugh games. PC games can be streamed to an NVidia shield with little or no lag. PC can be hooked up to a TV, and can be used with a controller. Then you can open big picture and browse the Web, open all of your steam games, (surprise, no disc!) and play them. Plus many more. But yes, please, CMV.
Hello CMV. I truly believe that the platform that has the greatest potential for story telling is video games compared with other methods (books, tv, movies,theatre) Allow me to explain; with video games, unlike every other method of story telling, you are in control of your character (besides cut scenes). You control where they go, how they fight, even the camera. Also some games give you choices, sometimes big, other times small, for instance think of mass effect, you choose to save or destroy entire races and more importantly whether to allow your friends to die to do this. Compare this to choices in say Arrow (tv show, if you have seen it you know what I am referencing). While the choice is made there you have no input on it, it is filmed as that so will always be the same result. Moving away from story driven games to player created stories. There is an fps that I play called planetside 2, hundreds of players fighting over enormous maps. Here you get stories forming naturally, someone takes command, you might be fighting, surrounded on all sides desperately trying to hold a base until back up can arrive. Let me tell you, there is real tension created there and a connection to the people you are fighting beside (hard to explain unless you have played the game)
I believe it's wrong to make animals suffer, and that's why i'm a vegetarian/vegan (money issues), but I don't see why many think it's wrong to kill them even when done humanly. (I don't see anything wrong with hunting for food, as long as you kill the animal quick and use all of it. Same with finding a farm that treats their animals humanly, at the moment I don't have money for this, so I choose not to eat meat) Here are my reasons: * They can't fully grasp life and death, if at all. * They can't do much with their lives, like we can. (In perspective, or at all. They spent most of their lives eating, sleeping and walking) * If raised and killed humanly, they will die in seconds and not realize anything.
There is a lot of high tension after the shooting that have taken place across the country recently, and it's making people take a stance on gun control. So many people feel so strongly about their own opinion, whether it be to keep or abolish gun ownership, but I feel like the people who reference the Second Amendment to defend their right to own guns are missing some key details. Back in colonial times, a single person could not commit mass shooting because a rifle would take over 10 seconds to reload and could usually only fire a single crude bullet. If a gun-toting citizen wanted to kill a bar full of people with a gun in 1776, he would only be successful in killing a maximum of one person before being tackled to the ground by the rest of the people near him. The Founding Fathers were okay with everyone having guns because they didn't think about the problems of arming the general populous with firearms which could reload in 2 seconds or less, shot bullets at near 100 times the speed of a standard colonial rifle and had 30 times the clip size. Therefore, citing the Second Amendment as a reason why you should be able to hold onto a semi-automatic handgun does not seem like a valid argument. So, my view is that anyone who wants to own a gun and take advantage of their Second Amendment rights should be able to, but they should only be able to own a gun with the same capabilities of those used when the amendment was signed into the Bill of Rights.
Hillary's "First Woman President" pitch is going to be pretty undefeatable in the general. We're a shallow populace, people barely pay attention, First Woman President is going to be historic enough to go out to the polls for. With any one of her other Republican challengers, it's "First Woman President vs. another boring white male president like always". Historic vs Status Quo. But at least with Rubio it's "First Woman President vs First Latino President". Historic vs Historic. Of all the Republican candidates, he has the strongest hand to play against her strongest hand. Also he's young (whether his ideas are or not). Hillary isn't all that old but compared to Rubio she is (versus being compared to Jeb Bush or somebody). And she's from an old time, a celebrity candidate from the 90s, whereas Rubio can try to harness "new" "fresh" and a lamer GOP version of that youth-driven Obamamania from 2008. In short, assuming the Democrats nominate Hillary as expected, the Republicans' best shot at defeating her is probably to nominate Rubio. CMV?
MANY of the "successful" revered people today come from troubled beginnings ie. the death of a parent, neglect/abuse, terrible/overly-pushing parenting. Of a few, Steve Jobs, Oprah Winfrey, countless celebrities: Kate Beckinsale, Jim Carrey, Charlize Theron, countless musicians: John Lennon, Michael Jackson, Kurt Cobain, Eminem, Eddie Vedder, and even more countless professional athletes. As someone who has lived a very peaceful, non-trauma filled life, I have noticed a very large portion of the successful (as measured by the traditional qualities wealth, celebrity, power, etc) 1% of the 1% come from the complete opposite background, far moreso than children with good parents proportionally speaking. Hopefully, no one thinks that I take my great upbringing for granted. But does having some sort of extreme childhood hardship motivate someone far more than having a "normal" childhood (survival + do whatever it takes to live VS. education + find your way, son)? **EDIT** is it better in the long term that a child be deprived of these "fortunes" and taught to understand first-hand how tough and precious life is? Please CMV
There is no reasonable way for an armed population to resist tyranny in the current era. Police and Government agencies not to mention the millitary would destroy even the most organized militia. Secondly aren't there far more accessible mechanisms to resist tyranny such as the political and legal process? Thirdly isn't the fear of tyranny wholly out of proportion with the levels of actual tyranny in the USA? Isn't this all just some huge rationalization for gun nuts to resist having their toys taken from them?
If you desire to become a legal immigrant in any country, you should respect the rules of the government, which includes respecting the requirement of going through the citizenship process. This process isn't supposed to allow EVERYONE to be approved, and it's not supposed to be easy either. This allows citizenship be granted to the immigrants that deserve it—those who had the patience, strength, and will of heart to go through the entire arduous process. In addition, the process is a good way of controlling the flow of immigrants here in America. If the process is too easy and too quick, there will be too fast of an influx that the country can't handle. Why should those trying to bypass this line deserve the reward over those that actually earned it? It's like, being on line for an ice cream cone for hundreds and thousands of people and seeing people just steal straight from the vendor. I understand that there are a lot of law-abiding, tax-paying illegal immigrants, and some of them don't have anything to return to in their home country. There's a good percentage that have built lives here in America and worked hard to achieve that life. Many have had children, and so deporting the illegal parents may break families apart. However, I believe that is just the price to pay for what they've done. Yes, the children don't deserve it, but they only have their parents to blame.
Over the past 20 years it has become increasingly more popular for employers to employ 20 part time employees where traditionally they would have employed 10 full time employees. The single largest reason for this is because in a lot of places they are not required to provide employee benefits for part time employees. Part time employment should exist for the people who choose, for whatever reason, to work part time, but employers should not be allowed to game the system by shorting their employee's benefits/pay by hiring only part time people.
Imagine that we could capture dictators like Kim Jong-Un without causing chaos that just ends up killing a bunch of people. If that were possible, then dictators such as him should be put to death. So, I'm not saying that practically we should go in and kill dictators such as him, just that they deserve to be killed or put to death. What makes Kim Jong-Un so bad? The people of NK have no human rights and the economic policies of NK lead to mass poverty. Not US style poverty, but true abject poverty.
I'd like to lead with an example: Today I was driving and pulled out in front of another car. I was at a stop sign on a curved road and this person came flying down the road at at least 15 mph above the speed limit. He rode right up my ass and I could see him swearing at me in my rear-view mirror. These type of idiots have a narcissistic view of speed limits. It's not all about you. Speed limits exist not only to prevent people from driving fast enough to kill themselves, *but to ensure that other drivers have the right amount of time to make decisions at intersections*. If you're going 40 in a 25 and then freak out at someone for pulling out in front of you, the fault is YOURS. This is where most people forget that they have a responsibility to other drivers on the road. Those speed limits exist for a reason. Driving the speed limit ensures safety for you and the people around you. Speed is a major factor in many serious accidents, as it reduces reaction time. Going 30 mph is equivalent to going 150 feet per second, which is a challenge for the human brain when reacting to what we see on the road. Let's say you find yourself speeding because you've left for work late. Cars with speed limits of 65-75 mph here in the US would, in my hypothesis, decrease fatal accidents and lead to better car safety overall. If you leave late for work, then you show up late. You shouldn't put others in danger because you slept in. EDIT: By "speed limit on highways" I meant 65 mph or 55 mph depending on where you live. I live in MA where the speed limit on most major highways is 65 mph. The point is that cars should be designed to only as fast as the speed limit, not 160+ mph. EDIT 2: People seem to think I believe all cars should travel at the same speed and that I would eliminate the ability to accelerate, potentially preventing drivers from avoiding trouble on the road. This is NOT my stance, and the title of the post, in retrospect, is a little misleading. I would ideally make cars with a maximum speed of 75 mph. The speed limit would remain at 65 mph. Those traveling at 75 would still be at risk for speeding tickets. The point is that drivers would be prevented from going 85, 90, or 100 mph. Drivers would still be able to accelerate in situations like passing, avoiding accidents, etc.
I see a lot of people saying how dubstep music is not real music. I see how someone could and would believe that but i do not agree with them or the statement that dubstep music is not real music. I want to debate about dubstep music being real music. I as a (Pro) will be claiming that dubstep music is indeed real music and my opponent (Con) will be claiming otherwise ( that Dubstep music is not real music ). First round is only acceptance. Voters are not obl
You say pop music is not real music? I disagree because pop music is real music because people listen to it. These people find meaning behind the words and they relate to them, therefore, pop music is real music.
I believe that dubstep is real music and through this debate I will try to prove that. Definition of dubstep from Wikipedia: Dubstep /G2;dA2;bstɛp/ is a genre of electronic dance music that originated in South London, England. It emerged in the late 1990s as a development within a lineage of related styles such as 2-step garage, broken beat,drum and bass, jungle, dub and reggae.[2] In the UK the origins of the genre can be traced back to the growth of the Jamaican sound system party scene in the early 1980s.[2][3] The music generally features syncopate drum and percussion patterns with bass lines that contain prominent sub bass frequencies. Definition of dubstep from dictionary.com: a style of mostly instrumental electronic music, originating in London, influenced by dub and characterized by syncopated rhythm and an emphasis on bass and drum elements. Okay now we will look at the definition of real. Definition of real from dictionary.com: true; not merely ostensible, nominal, or apparent Definition of real from Webster's dictionary: not artificial, fraudulent, or illusory : genuine ; also : being precisely what the name implies Now we have to understand how to prove something is real, I do not want to go too philosophical so I will try to keep it as easy to understand as possible. How do we show that dubstep music is real or that anything is real at all. The easiest and also the best and most logical answer is to feel it and sense it. We can feel dubstep and we can also sense it (by our hearing mostly). Now that we got the "REAL" part of the debate it is time to go to the "MUSIC" part of the debate. We will now see the definition of music. Definition of music from dictionary.com: an art of sound in time that expresses ideas and emotions in significant forms through the elements of rhythm, melody, harmony, and color. Definition of music from the Webster's dictionary: the science or art of ordering tones or sounds in succession, in combination, and in temporal relationships to produce a composition having unity and continuity and vocal, instrumental, or mechanical sounds having rhythm, melody, or harmony. If we look at dubstep we can see that dubstep has all elements that are needed for it to be music and all of the definitions fit with dubstep or to rephrase that better, dubstep fits with all definitions. We now know that dubstep is both REAL and MUSIC. Final conclusion: Dubstep music is real music ( it even says it in the name, dubstep MUSIC but either way I showed that it is both real and music).
As you can see, Lolzer2001 has forfeited round 2 of our debate topic "Pop music is not real music". I on the other hand will continue with this debate. Pop music might not be as fun and groovy as other types of music to some people. This topic we are discussing is a matter of opinion. Me? Well I like all types of music. Old, country, rap, and yes, pop. Going back to my opponent's first argument, all music was written for a reason, therefore there is meaning to all music. Beethoven wrote his version of classical for a reason, Taylor Swift switched her genre of song choices, and ACDC loved to just blurt out the words that came to mind. All these people wrote their songs from their experiences. Yes, sometimes songs were written for them (like Taylor Swift) but the people who wrote them obviously had meaning behind their word choice. Again, I disagree that pop music isn't music.
My opponent again either cheapens the idea of art or disregards it as separate from the concept of music. However, as my opponent has quoted, the first definition of music is "[a]n ART of sound [...]" (emphasis mine). He contends that pop music, simply by employing the use of musical qualities, is thus defined as art. While, I note that this requires skill, it is a scientific skill, and not an artistic one. It appears that my opponent's belief (and as evidenced by the second definition) of what music is, is so loose that, mere sounds created by a voice of a human that exclaims frustration after having stubbed his or her toe could be defined as music and thus art. In this example, the sound is created by a voice that uses rhythm (perhaps they used several atonal grunts in 1 second intervals that produced a single line in 4/4 time signature at slow tempo), which expressed physical pain and discontent. Of course it would be quite contrived to claim that this is actually music, because it does not meet the definition of art, but my opponent's use of the term "music" conforms with this example. Thus, the only way one can make the assertion that pop music is actually music is to hold the definition that music is not necessarily art. That is, one must then assume that music is not exclusively a sub-classification of art. However, when one attempts to hold this definition, the idea of a societal outlook must be significantly altered. At this point, one must contend that someone attending a university for a degree in music should petition for a bachelor's of science or bachelor's of business administration rather than a bachelor's of fine arts to be awarded for his coursework. After all, they are not simply studying fine art. A musician should thus be defined as a type of scientist or businessman. Also, my opponent states that "that is there [sic] job and they need to make a living". In order for this to be meaningful, one must presume that a job is simply assigned to a each human, and they have no choice in that matter, nor can they make a living through multiple jobs. In fact, and as I stated in my previous response, most musicians "make a living" through other means. An example that illustrates a common professional musician's means of personal finance can be seen through the case of musician Dan Swanö (1). Dan has released many records while playing in the bands Edge of Sanity, Bloodbath, Katatonia, and Nightingale. He has played on records distributed by a Sony Music Entertainment-owned division, and has produced records for the bands Opeth and Millencolin among others. Swanö still maintains a day job at a local record store where he lives. Again, this is the norm, not the exception.
My opponent claims his argument that Dubstep is real music by using definitions on what music is, and what dubstep and real means. My opponent then went on to set standards or criteria for which a musical component must meet certain requirements to be considered real music. Then went on to say Dubstep has these components, but did not explain why they did, simply stating that they did. Going by my opponents criteria and standards, I will explain why Dubstep does not meet these standards, and thus is invalid to claim to be real music. According to my opponent's definition: Music must express ideas and emotions in significant forms as sound. Dubstep may use vocals, instrumentals and rhythms and melodies, but does it express any sort of idea. The short answer is no. Let me ask my opponent: Does dubstep generally, express any sort of idea or emotion that would be of any influence to anyone? Do the messages in the typical hard hitting bass, and choppy vocals provide any mark? Is it not easily observable to say that no message is conveyed through the majority of the genre?" My opponent may respond with a description on how a specific song in the genre affected him, or what it helped him with, thus conveying emotion. Although this is being deconstructive to the author's intent. Rather than conveying an interpretation of what the musician may be producing, the reader uses the melodies to apply it to himself on his interpretation. This makes interpretation of a message that a song conveys both subjective and objective; which is a contradiction. Dubstep, for the most part, typically doesn't have an author's intent other than to produce for either money, to make people happy, or for something the fans can enjoy, but this is not the same as conveying a strong message. Like several other genres, usually use lyrics to discuss how the MUSICIAN went through a break-up or a loss of a family member. The musician thus has an emotion or intent expressed through this music, not the listeners interpretation. Thus, I challenge my opponent to find five examples of where the artist of a dubstep song, conveyed a message or idea. If he cannot, his argument is invalid and thus there should be no more reason to debate.
opinion- a view or judgment formed about something, not necessarily based on fact or knowledge. Saying golf is boring is an opinion and is not representative of the whole population. I happen to find golf very interesting and found myself loving every moment of the masters. Therefore saying golf is boring is not factual, golf is a form of entertainment for me and many others, so golf should be represented as a sport.
In Hogwarts, we don't need to walk. We can fly on brooms, we can teleport. Golf is not a walking sport. When people think about golf, they think about the swing and stance. Walking is NOT a key part in golf.
It's a tough decision, but I would choose Netflix better than YouTube. Let's be real, both YouTube and Netflix involve payment. YouTube has the payment for YouTube Red, while Netflix is entirely needed to be paid for. The shows on Netflix are incredible. It involves tons of incredible genres, like Teen Classics, LGBT movies, and Kids shows. You can also find some of these shows on YouTube, but yet, they cost money as well. You can pay for at least 1 episode each payment, while Netflix pays for all until next monthly payment. YouTube may have YouTube Red shows, which you need a membership for, Netflix only needs an entire membership and you can watch its Netflix Originals, like "Fuller House" and "Stranger Things." Who doesn't love these shows? I know I do, and so do others. Netflix has amazing shows and movies with interesting stories to tell, whereas YouTube has people either telling their own story or making a comedy out of life, like "nigahiga" and "Smosh." It may be funny, but Netflix stories are addicting.