Dogs are better than Cats Well, First thing on the agenda is I would like to refute your arguments if you would allow me....First: Cats can act the same as a dog. They can be loyal? They can stick by someones side if that owner was a very loving and caring owner? A cat can be loyal but comparing dogs and cats would be like comparing apples and oranges. They both are tasty in a differnet way so to speak. What im saying is that cats have their own type of loyalty. Cats version of loyalty is that it can be very helpfull around the house or anywhere they are needed. For example, a cat can help you get rid of mice that are in the house.Second: Cats can also be trained to do the things that dogs can do. If you are saying that dogs (but not cats) can do these things than you can also be refering that ONLY alligators eat meat and crocodiles are not allowed to?Third: Though dogs have keen abilities, that can be at some disadvantage. Cats are quiet, patient and never beg. But, dogs are mean, sometimes rabid, and they can definitly hurt someone. So although dogs can hunt down prisoners and tackle them to the ground, that is one one way you can use the dogs rabid senses and abilities to assist and now injure.Now it is time for my agrument.....Less work?Now although dogs are sometimes very nice and always want your attention, that does come with some disadvantages. Dogs are always hungry, they cannot ever get enough food sometimes and they would sometimes hurt you just to get it. But on the other hand, cats love to live in solitude so you just have to leave some food and a litter box and you can pet him whenever you want without having to be hurt whenever you pat him or stroke their fur.That sadly, has been the end of my debate and I hope you guys liked my arguments. :)Source(s):Truth that cat owners have better degrees:http://www.telegraph.co.uk...Loyalty difference: http://www.helium.com...
Dogs are better than Cats There will be no abuse of semantics which is by definition of this debate, one definition per word will exist and will not be bent according to technicalities or any other definition a dictionary has to provide. There will be no abuse of using dictionaries such as an argument stating that cats are better than dogs because C (first letter of the word Cat) comes before D (First Letter of the word Dog) in the dictionary. By definition of the word "better" I define it as a word which means that the dog is more loyal, behaves better with proper training, and is used for a wider variety of things. My position for this debate is dogs are better than cats.
Dogs make good friends. First of all not all dogs can be good friends it can take from weeks to years of training and some dogs just cannot be trained. Whilst dogs do make good friends it would depend on the dog breed and their characteristics you would be talking about. I would prefer cats as they are not very strong or lethal unless you get bit[my opinion] Dogs attacking people has been far more common than the cats attacking people. Whilst dogs make good friends it depends on the breed and characteristics my opinion
dogs are better than cats Dogs sure are cute but they are a bit dumb. I mean, they can follow orders, but so can anyone. Actually, people consider that one of the main flaws of the education system is that is teaches children to follow orders but not to be independent. Cats are very independent, and I know because I have three. I never had to teach them how to go to the bathroom nor what they shouldn't eat of of the floor, and they do follow me sometimes. I can also leave them to walk around the neighbourhood freely and be worry free because I know they will come back home. Dogs, however, are so high maintenence, they will destroy your house, you have to walk them, even if it's raining or they will do their bussiness in your house and most owners keep them restrained so they don't run away.
